Today is an ideal time to begin the search for new love. That special person might be closer than you think...
If there's someone you have feelings for, don't avoid them. Make small talk or share a joke and it will really lift your spirits.
Take care to behave with consideration towards your partner today and they will be likely to respond positively to you.
It's normal to feel a little nervous when close to that certain someone, but do your best today not to let it show.
Is destiny at work today? If you happen to meet someone you take a shine to, don't hesitate to introduce yourself.
Take it easy today and let things take their natural course. There's no need to rush when it comes to romance.
You may find suspicion affecting your relationship today. If in doubt, remember that honesty is always the best policy.
Relax and let your natural charm do its work. You may just catch that certain someone's eye! 
Someone close to you may make their feelings clear today. If you feel the same, don't leave them in suspense!
If things are a bit stale in your relationship, today is a great time to go out of your way to bring back some of that excitement.
It's a good day to appear decisive. If you have a date, be sure to insist on heading to where you want to go.
Romance may have you confused, but it looks like your worries about that certain someone could disappear today.
If you're finding it hard to make your feelings clear, don't panic. It could be time to try a different approach. 
You may be tempted to conceal something from your partner today, but don't. In the long run, deceit will come back to haunt you.
This is a day to lavish attention on your partner or that certain someone. Make sure they know they're number one!
Approach today in a positive frame of mind and you never know what opportunities might be awaiting you! 
If you feel low on energy today, it may be best to wait for another time before making any romantic moves.
Bide your time and don't rush into making your feelings clear. Don't be afraid to wait until another day for that perfect moment.
If you're feeling restless or agitated, it might be best to avoid your crush. Wait until you're more relaxed. 
If you have an opportunity to help someone out today, don't hesitate. You never know - it might open the door to romance.
If you're feeling brave, this could well be the perfect day to grab the bull by the horns and let that person know how you really feel!
Today will bring both the best and the worst along with it. Remain cautious and see what tomorrow brings.
Don't be too pushy today. Keeping casual may well prove to be the best way to win that certain someone over.
A small gift could be the perfect way to show that special someone how you really feel. 
Don't let petty arguments come between you and that special someone today. Concentrate on the good things you have.
Avoid the temptation to make your emotions too clear today. If you're too direct, you may drive that special person away.
Today is an ideal day to cast your mind back to romances past and remember that the best may yet be still to come.
You could find yourself tongue-tied today. If you can't tell someone how you feel, don't be afraid to wait for the next opportunity.
Don't be afraid to talk to your friends today if you're having romantic troubles. They may have valuable advice for you.
Be careful not to do all the talking today - it's important to show that you know how to listen as well. 
Use today to make up your mind about who is the most important person to you. Listen to your heart and the answer should be clear.
Unforeseen events may conspire to throw a spanner in the works, but stay calm and all will work out for the best.
There's no time like the present to pluck up the courage to say those things you've always been meaning to say.
If you've been thinking of asking someone out on a date, why wait until tomorrow? Today is an ideal time.
It may be a good idea to take a step back and think long and hard about where your love life is heading. 
Don't let disappointment or heartbreak occupy your mind today. A bright future is waiting just around the corner.
Try being more helpful and considerate than usual today and you might just catch that special someone's eye.
There'll be a spring in your step today that will make everyone around you want to be close to you. Enjoy it!
Don't jump the gun and reveal your feelings just yet. There's a right time for everything. 
Remember to treat the people around you well today. It's a sure way to impress a potential partner. 
Something's in the air and you keep daydreaming about that certain someone. Just remember not to ignore reality.
Today's a great time to plan that perfect date. Do your homework and you'll be bound to impress! 
You can't expect the person you're interested in to fall in love with you at the drop of a hat. Patience is a virtue!
You're likely to see another side of that certain someone today which will make you even more interested in them.
Don't try too hard to impress or you may fall flat on your face. Just be yourself and your charm will shine through.
If at first you don't succeed in love, try, try again! Things may not go your way today, but you'll get that breakthrough eventually.
Having rivals is an inevitable part of love. You may suffer a temporary setback today, but you shouldn't give up the fight!
Today looks like the perfect chance to learn a valuable lesson: you can't always have things your way in love. 
If you come into contact with that special someone today, remember to take a deep breath and keep your cool.
Remember that true love can't be rushed. You should slow down today and let things take their course. 
Avoid making careless remarks that could be taken the wrong way. Sometimes saying nothing is the best approach. 
Communication is vital in any relationship. If something's on your mind today, don't be afraid to share it.
Today you seem to have grace, elegance, wit and charm at your disposal. Be sure to use them wisely!
If you have a rival in love, there may be a showdown on the cards. Keep your eye on the prize and don't lose your cool!
No matter how busy you might be, be sure to make time for that special someone. They're guaranteed to appreciate it!
Is there something you've been meaning to do for a while? This could well be the day to finally put your plans into action.
It's never plain sailing in the game of love, so if things aren't going your way today, don't let it get you down.
Some days you've just got it. Today looks like it could be one of those days! 
There could be some trouble on the horizon so it's not a day to take any risks. It's best to wait and see how things turn out.
Be wary of boasting or showing off today, as you may not get the results you were hoping for. 
Someone you hadn't noticed before may just catch your eye today. Keep an open mind - they may be the one!
Why not show that certain someone how much you care with a present? Just remember to be discreet... 
If there's someone you've been trying to impress, this might just be the day when they finally fall for your charms.
You may find yourself casting your mind back to past loves. Bear the past in mind, but don't forget about the here and now!
If someone you have feelings for crosses a line today, let them know they've gone too far. 
If you spend too long hesitating, the chance for true love may pass you by. Seize the initiative and be positive!
Don't lose sight of how the people around you perceive you. Without this awareness, success in love may elude you.
Be on your guard against losing your temper today or someone who was interested in you may decide to think again.
This is a good day to pluck up the courage to tell that person how you really feel. Don't spend your life waiting for them!
You may be having doubts about the future today, but don't let them knock you off course. Keep your goals firmly in mind.
It's a good day to think seriously about the future. Don't be afraid to show a little more commitment if necessary.
While it's always important to listen, this is a good day to take the lead and be clear about your own feelings.
This isn't a day to hold back if you see a chance to get closer to that special someone. You'll regret it if you don't try!
You may find yourself making an emotional outburst today. Don't be afraid to apologise if you think you went too far.
It might be time to give those feelings you've kept hidden a public airing. You can't keep them bottled up forever!
You may hear people speaking harshly about someone you hold dear. Don't take the bait! You'll look better for brushing them off.
The course of love is never free of doubt, but while there is even the smallest hope, you should never give up.
Love brings both pleasure and pain. If you're feeling sore today, remember that your friends are always on hand with good advice.
If someone has caught your eye, find out what their interests are. You may find you have something in common.
If you have a rival in love, they may seem to be gaining the upper hand. Stay cool and you're likely to have the last laugh.
If you catch sight of a person you like with someone else, don't let it spoil your day. There may be an innocent explanation.
Instead of inviting someone out on  a date, why not include them in a group of friends? It may be the easiest way to break the ice.
Pluck up the courage to make your feelings clear today. Just bear in mind that the real challenges lie ahead.
Face the day with a smile and you'll be sure to brighten up everyone's day, including that special someone...
You will never win over the object of your affection if you're aloof. Be more open and friendly and see what happens!
Extraordinary things can happen when you least expect them. There's something in the air today, so prepare for a nice surprise.
Your daydreams feel a long way from harsh reality today, but as long as you don't give up, who knows what could happen?
Don't waste the whole day today regretting missed opportunities. The most exciting times are yet to come!
There are days when the path to true love is hard to spot, but stay focused and you may find it's closer than you think.
Focus on your good points today to give your confidence a boost. Walk tall and those around you will be sure to notice!
The more certain you think you are about your feelings, the more confused you seem to get. Take a break and don't think too much!
If you're not careful, you may end up making an emotional outburst you later regret. Remember to keep a cool head.
Does it ever seem as if you spend too much time thinking about other people's feelings? This is a good day to put yourself first.
If you don't talk to the person you like, you'll never know if they feel the same, so leave your shyness at home today!
You'll be prone to daydreaming about that special someone today. Stay focused and don't lose your grip on reality!
Someone you like may make a comment that hurts your feelings today. Laugh it off and everything will be fine.
If you've been longing to get to know someone better, this could well be the day when your dream moves closer to reality.
You may find yourself being cold towards someone you like today. Although you want them to like you, be true to your own feelings.
A word of encouragement from someone you admire could lift your spirits and put a spring in your step. 
Obstacles seem to keep coming between you and that special someone, but don't let your frustration show.
You're tempted to try to impress people with tall tales and bragging today. Just be yourself and you'll win them over.
If you've been neglecting that special someone recently, tell them how much they mean to you today.
Liking someone doesn't mean you always have to do everything they ask of you. Don't let emotions affect your judgement today.
Don't spend your time imagining all the things that could go wrong. If there's someone you like, let them know!
If you're taking someone out on a date, don't be afraid to go somewhere classy. It will be sure to impress them.
If you're plagued with doubts about your love life today, focus on the future and the anxiety will fade away. 
A conversation with someone you like seems a little strained today. Just be yourself and don’t analyse things too much.
This is a day to put others before yourself. Be responsive to their needs and don't think about your own personal gain.
If you see a chance for romance today, don't let it slip away. The stars are aligned and good things could be up ahead!
Today's a perfect day to spend time alone with that special someone. Make time just for the two of you. 
Even the smallest sign of encouragement from a person you hold dear will be enough to lift your spirits today.
If you have trouble expressing how you feel, don't let it get you down. There's a right time and place for everything.
Talk to the person you have your heart set on and find out their interests. You may have more in common than you think!
You may well say the wrong thing today and really put your foot in it. Apologise to get things back on the right track.
When you do something for someone, expect nothing in return. Your selflessness could well impress someone you have your eye on.
Today is a good time to relax and see how things work out. Don't worry about making plans or setting fixed goals.
Don't be too anxious if you seem to be getting mixed messages. The truth will become clear in time. 
You may find yourself wondering if that special someone is worth all the trouble. Remember, it's natural for love to have its ups and downs.
Don't be too forward about your feelings, but at the same time don't keep them concealed. It's all about getting the balance right.
When spending time with that special someone, let them see your best side. Positivity and good humour will win the day.
You may be spending too much time fretting about your love life. Today is a good day to take a complete break from your worries.
Rumours and gossip are flying around, but do your best to ignore them and focus on your true feelings.
You may find yourself getting a lot of attention today. Enjoy it, but be careful not to let it go to your head! 
You just can't seem to relax today, especially when talking to the object of your affection. Take a deep breath and be yourself.
Knowing how to handle rejection is vital. If things don't quite go according to plan, don't lose perspective or be downhearted.
Romance is all about give and take. Respect others' needs and don't expect things to go your own way all the time.
Today is a good chance to make your feelings clear. You may well find you can express your emotions more easily than usual.
Don't rely on gossip and rumours to learn about the person you like. Go straight to the source and find out for yourself.
Don't be shy about letting the people around you know who you have your heart set on. It might scare off potential rivals.
Don't let the heartbreaks of the past get you down today. The future is bright and you should meet it with a smile.
If that special someone seems to be a little down today, try your best to cheer them up. They'll remember why they like you.
Love can come calling when you least expect it, so relax and let things take their natural course. 
Today is a good chance to think about past loves and remember them fondly, but don't forget about the here and now!
Someone who harbours a secret affection for you may well choose today to make their feelings clear. Who could it be?
Don't be shy about showing affection for that special someone. It will let everyone know where they stand. 
Today may present a final chance to revive a romance you had almost given up on. Can you rise to the challenge?
Don't forget that your friends can help you out in the quest for love. Let them know that you're grateful for their support.
You may well receive advice about the ways of love from an unexpected source. Listen carefully, as it could come in useful.
A social gathering may be the ideal place to get to know someone better, so don't be shy about joining large groups today.
If there's someone you have a secret longing for, there may be no better time to let them know. Seize the day!
Don't get angry or frustrated if you can't seem to let someone know how you feel. Negative emotions impress no one.
Someone you have feelings for may get in touch with you today. Don't waste the opportunity to let them know how you feel.
Success in love means not being afraid to take risks. It's a good day to summon up the courage to put your plans into action.
Sometimes trying too hard to impress someone can mean you end up falling flat on your face. Try to be yourself.
You're prone to dwelling on lost loves today, but don't live in the past. Turn your attention to the here and now!
Have you got a soft spot for someone, but are worried they're not right for you? The only way to find out is to talk to them!
If you're in a relationship but are not sure where it's going, this looks like a good day to discuss things openly.
Someone unexpected may hint that they harbour feelings for you today. It's up to you whether you want to pursue it any further.
Face the day with a positive attitude and this could prove to be the day you get that certain someone to notice you.
That certain someone is never far from your thoughts today. Do your best not to let your emotions distract you.
Making your feelings clear is important, but it has to be done the right way. Take it slow and wait for the perfect moment.
It's a fine day to throw caution to the wind and let that certain someone know how you really feel. 
Mysterious things are afoot today. Prepare for an event that will make you even more certain of your feelings.
It's clear today that you and your partner can't agree on everything. Accepting these differences is a vital part of love.
Someone special from your past looks set to come back into your life. Is this a final chance to make your feelings known?
Try talking to that certain someone today. If things go smoothly, it could be the perfect chance to really connect.
You need to make your mind up whether the love in your past or the love in your present is more important to you.
Set some time aside to think about how to really make that special someone happy. Surely they deserve something special?
Today's a good day to take a chance and try to make that certain someone realise that they need you in their life.
You may find yourself wondering what your partner's true feelings are. The only way to know for sure is to speak to them.
The stars are aligned and you may well find yourself crossing paths with someone who will play an important part in your future.
You may suspect that a friend has a romantic interest in the same person you do. Which matters more - friendship or love?
The wheels of destiny are turning, and you may come to look back on today as having had a great deal of significance.
Today, someone you have feelings for may inspire you to try something new. Embrace new challenges! 
Walk with your head held high today. Those around you are sure to be impressed by your confidence and poise.
Thoughtless actions today could be hard to make amends for later. Keep your partner's feelings firmly in mind.
Your emotions threaten to overpower you today, but don't be tempted to do anything rash. Act in haste, repent at leisure.
Things seem to be going your way today. Fortune is on your side, so don't be afraid to take romantic risks.
Someone you thought of as just a good friend seems to be looking at you in a different way. This situation requires delicacy.
Be on your guard today or things could take a turn for the worse. Avoid saying or doing anything rash. 
A good day to take the bull by the horns. If you've got your eye on someone, why not invite them out with your friends?
You may have romantic feelings towards someone, but if you don't put your feelings into words how will they ever know?
The longest journey starts with a single step. Why not choose today to try talking to that person who has caught your eye?
You may have feelings for someone, but don't let it affect your judgement. Is everything they're telling you true?
Someone you care about may say something surprising today. You may need to find out their true feelings.
Today's the day to let that special someone in your life know how important they are to you. 
It's a good time to consider your true feelings. Don't be afraid to rethink some of your most basic assumptions.
If you've hit a bump or two along the road of romance, take the time today to try to smooth things over. 
Two's company, but three is most definitely a crowd. Look out for someone else trying to muscle in on your territory today.
You may find yourself in a negative frame of mind today, but it's important to look at things in the proper perspective.
There are days when you just can't find the right words to let people know how you feel. Try waiting for a better time.
There's something in the air today. Play your cards right and it could be the start of something wonderful. 
If you find your mind turning to past romances, try to learn from them. This could prove useful in the future. 
Don't be shy about introducing yourself to new people today. It could prove to be the start of something special.
If that special someone is feeling down today, go out of your way to cheer them up. Your effort is bound to be rewarded.
Sometimes a nice present can communicate your feelings better than words. Today might well be one of those times.
You may be feeling anxious about a romantic rival, but don't let them rattle you. Stay focused and you'll be fine.
The course of true love is often far from smooth, so don't let a petty disagreement come between you and that special someone.
You may meet someone you think is new today who turns out to have crossed your path before. Take a chance and get to know them better!
If you want to get your love life moving, now is the time to take action. You can't keep waiting forever.
You will impress a secret admirer today by your actions. Do you have any idea who it could be? 
Today you're desperate to find out that certain someone's feelings. Talk to them, but take care not to come across as too eager!
This is a perfect day to spend with the person you care about most. Let them know how special they are to you.
You'll be busy today and there won't be much time for romantic pursuits. Don't let it get you down, as there's always another day.
Don't spend all day brooding over who said what to whom and why. Things will look better tomorrow.
A rival in love seems to be gaining the upper hand, but in the long term it may prove better to let them think they're winning.
If you have even half a chance, let that certain someone know your feelings. A chance like this might not come along again.
There are days when it pays not to think too much about love. Let things develop naturally and they'll turn out for the best.
Don't be too forward in revealing your true emotions. Be patient and that certain someone is bound to notice.
If you are having doubts in your relationship, remember how you felt in the early days. There'll be more good times to come.
Sometimes being too up-front about your feelings can result in the opposite of the intended effect. Just be yourself today!
Put your romantic worries to one side and put others first. If someone's having a tough time, make an effort to cheer them up.
Always making time to help people is a very attractive quality and could well end up attracting someone special.
Today is a great chance to let that certain someone know how you feel. Even if they don't feel the same, it's best to find out for sure.
If things aren't going your way, spend today dreaming of what might be. Reality might just catch up with your daydreams.
Now is the time to make up your mind about who is really important to you. If you don't decide, you may miss out.
If you find yourself confused about your true emotions, take some time to think about what's most important to you.
Things may not always go smoothly with your partner, but be careful today not to blow things out of all proportion.
If someone you have strong feelings for asks for your advice, do your best to help them out. It could be the way to their heart.
This is a day to think carefully about your future. If you have a partner, it's best to discuss things openly with them.
Take a break from worrying about your romantic fortunes and get away from it all. You'll come back with a clearer head.
Harbouring unrequited love can be tiring, so take a break from thinking about that person today and feel the stress melt away.
Accept invitations from friends today and try to get out and about. It may be hard to meet that special person otherwise.
It's important to remain optimistic today. If you're downhearted, you may let a chance for true love slip by.
Today your partner may show how deeply they trust you. Accept the compliment without making too much of a fuss.
Good things come to those who don't wait. Today's a fine time to let that certain someone know how you really feel.
You may be surprised to find yourself suddenly looking at someone close to you in a whole new light. Play it cool!
Let yourself be carried away by romantic daydreams today. They may reveal who the one for you really is.
You'll find yourself brimming with confidence today. It's a perfect chance to speak to that person you've been too shy to approach.
You may notice a friend suddenly looking at you with new romantic intent. How you handle this is up to you!
You may find yourself banging your head against a tricky problem, but a special person could well be on hand to help you out.
Events that are quite out of the ordinary look set to occur today. Romance may be about to come within touching distance.
Don't be afraid of failure today. Fortune favours the brave, so let that certain someone know how you really feel.
If you can help a friend out today in their love life, don't hesitate. Developments could also occur in your own love life as a result.
It's a good day to clear the air and get things off your chest. Let your partner know what you're really thinking.
You may have some selfish urges today. Try to suppress them and go with the flow, or you risk distancing yourself from others.
An unforeseen event could throw a spanner in the works of your romance today, but it's nothing you can't overcome together.
You may find all your hard work pays off today. The object of your affection could be starting to see things your way.
You may well notice you're adopting the mannerisms of that special someone. Take care to retain your individuality.
Now is the time to take chances. The window of opportunity is wide open, so let that certain someone know how you really feel!
It's best not to be too bold today, as it could rebound on you badly. Avoid being too forward and you should be fine.
If there's someone you've been meaning to approach, today's not the time to hesitate. After all, what have you got to lose?
Today is a day to be positive and speak to that certain someone. But choose your moment with care as timing is everything.
You may suddenly find yourself attracted to someone you had barely noticed before. Life is full of surprises!
Today, someone fitting your ideal image of a partner could appear on the scene. Don't get overexcited or you'll impress no one.
You're on top form today and everything seems like a breeze. You're sure to attract the admiration of those around you.
This is a day to be thankful for what you've got. If you have a partner, be sure to make time for them today. 
A perfect day for the perfect date. Don't be afraid to push the boat out a bit to impress that certain someone.
Look out for opportunities to help out your friends today. It's an ideal time to put others first. 
Don't be afraid to show your funny side today. Making someone laugh can be the first step to winning their heart.
Your partner may seem a little distant today. Try reminiscing about times past to bring back happy memories. 
It's a good day to be a little more forward than usual and try to arrange to spend some time with that certain someone.
Take time today to find something you have in common with that certain someone. Your efforts will be rewarded as you become closer.
It's a good time to make your feelings for that certain someone clearer. Work out what you're going to say and stay calm.
All you want to do today is spend time together with that special someone, but take care not to lose sight of the outside world.
There's a risk that you're only showing consideration and kindness for the person you like. Don't forget about others!
If you're just good friends, but would like things to develop further, today's the day to start the ball rolling.
You may learn something private about that certain someone today. Discretion is always appreciated, so keep it to yourself.
Pay careful attention to the people around you today and you could well pick up invaluable tips on how to succeed in love.
Don't be downhearted if things aren't going to plan today. You won't have long to wait before things fall into place.
Someone has been admiring you from afar, and it may dawn on you today who it is... 
Be careful not to focus all your attention on that special someone today. Your friends may be feeling neglected.
Today you'll cast your mind back to lost loves. Try to learn from the mistakes you made in the past. 
People can't read your mind to tell how you're feeling. Try to communicate your emotions clearly today, especially if you have a partner.  
Someone you have feelings for may seem down in the dumps today. Let them know they always have a shoulder to cry on.
You may find yourself moving one step closer to love. Take any chance you can to spend time with that certain someone today.
Life may seem to be taking a turn for the better today. If things haven't been going smoothly, it's time for a fresh start.
If your partner gives you advice today, you would be wise to take it on board. Remember, they've got your best interests at heart.
It's a perfect day to spend together with your partner and turn your attention to all those things you've been meaning to do.
Be outgoing today and talk to as many people as possible. You may well meet someone you have a spark with.
You'll have no shortage of people to speak to today. But if someone catches your eye, remember not to do all the talking.
You may find things in your love life don't go as planned today. Don't worry - it's just a temporary setback. 
You may feel like you're never going to catch the eye of that certain someone, but it's far too soon to give up.
You may learn that someone you know has strong feelings for you. If you don't feel the same, be sure to let them down gently.
Try to be conscious of how you behave today. If there's someone you admire, try modelling your behaviour on them.
You'll be full of energy today, so that certain someone is bound to notice how dynamic you are. The next move is up to you!
Destiny is at work today, so don't be surprised if you meet someone who will end up playing a big part in your life.
Your relationship may be experiencing a bumpy patch, but don't lose sight of the strength of both of your feelings.
This is a day to devote to self-improvement. Once you are happy with yourself, good things will be sure to follow.
You may find yourself trying a bit too hard today. Love always requires effort, but don't try to force it. 
A romantic rival may seem impossible to ignore today, but try your best to put them out of your mind and rise above it.
Today is a good day to discuss things with close friends. Listen carefully to pick up some invaluable advice about the ways of love.
Be serious and sincere today. If you've been having trouble with your partner, now is the time to put it behind you and move forward.
A good day to plan a trip and get away for a while. Why not go with friends - and perhaps try to include that certain someone?
You may well do something you regret in front of a person you have feelings for. Don't compound the error by losing your cool.
A chance meeting today with a truly unique person gets your mind racing. Could this be the one? 
Don't let your mind wander. Pay attention to what people say or you may miss someone making their true feelings clear.
Sharing a funny moment with someone you harbour feelings for puts a spring in your step, but don't lose your head!
Put the heartbreaks of the past out of your mind and look to the future. Love could be on the cards sooner than you think...
You could get a chance to show your sensitive side today, but you want to be seen as more than a shoulder to cry on...
Your image of the ideal partner may be limiting you. Cast the net a bit wider, as love may be waiting in the most unlikely of places.
You're feeling emotional today and may find yourself falling for someone who shows you kindness. Take care not to fall too hard!
A frustrating day when you just can't seem to communicate your feelings. It's probably best to wait for another day and try again.
True feelings will make themselves known today. Your partner may well give you the commitment you've been waiting for.
Be kind and considerate to all around you today and that certain someone will be bound to notice. 
Today is a great day for a date. Why not try doing something active like cycling, skating or bowling? Don't be lazy!
You may well share a moment today that you're not likely to forget. It's best to keep it between the two of you.
You may feel pressure to clarify your feelings. Be honest about  your emotions and don’t leave your partner in the dark.
You're feeling adventurous today. Go somewhere out of the ordinary along with that special someone. 
A very lucky break looks as if it's on the cards today. It may be the chance that you've been waiting for to get your love life moving.
There's always some give and take in relationships. Today's a chance to give something back to that special someone.
Those around you seem full of curiosity about your romantic intentions, but it's best to keep your cards close to your chest.
You're set to impress those around you today and people will look at you in a new light. If you have your eye on someone, go for it!
Romantically, things aren't going your way today. You may find yourself fighting the urge to run away from it all, but stay strong!
Give that special someone the gift they've been longing for and you'll be in their good books. 
That person you like barely acknowledges your existence, causing frustration to build, but be patient and don't do anything rash!  
You've got a lot on your plate today and no time to focus on your love life. Don't panic - tomorrow's bound to be better.
Face today with a positive frame of mind and good things are bound to follow. Take the initiative and talk to that certain someone.
Someone you've admired from afar may speak to you for the first time today. Seize the chance to ensure it's not the last time.
If you and a romantic rival spend all your time trying to outsmart each other, the object of your affection may escape you both.
Things look likely to fall into place today. The strength and sincerity of your partner's feelings will become clear to you.
Luck seems to be on your side today, so don't be afraid to take a chance to try to get closer to that certain someone.
If you've been inconsiderate to your partner recently, today's an ideal chance to try to smooth things over. 
Your relationship may have been showing signs of strain, but stay positive as things look like they could pick up today.
If someone comes to you seeking advice on their love life, do all you can to help them. They may give you support in return.
Don't be too direct today. If you want to let someone know you have feelings for them, get a friend to act as messenger.
If things seem to have got into a bit of a rut in your relationship, today's a perfect day to do something completely unexpected.
You may find yourself plagued with doubts about the sincerity of your partner's feelings. Pay careful attention to how they behave.
Your motto for today should be to stay positive. That certain someone could be waiting for you to make the first move.
Today is a good day to think about the future of your relationship. You may feel you've had a change of heart, but it's unlikely to last.
This looks set to be a great day. That certain someone may even choose today to let you know they feel the same...
Things are all set to take a turn for the better. It could finally be about to click with the person you've set your sights on.
Your close friends are sure to prove a source of valuable advice today. Listen carefully to what they tell you and you'll be glad you did.
It's an ideal day to lay it on the line and let that certain someone know how you feel. Be sure to choose your words with caution.
If you're in a relationship, don't be surprised if this turns out to be the day when things start to get more serious.
Today, you'll find solving even the trickiest of problems a breeze. You'll radiate positivity and it's sure to impress those around you!
Someone you secretly have feelings for is going through a tough time at the moment. Let them know you're there for them.
All those emotions you've been bottling up need to be let out. It's a great day to let that certain someone know you like them.
If you spend your life hesitating, true love may always elude you. Seize today and push your rival in romance to the sidelines.
The clouds will part today and the path ahead will look brighter. Someone you like may even let you know they feel the same...
Today will reveal that you and your partner have different priorities and values. Try your best to accept these differences.
Someone very close to you may be about to hit a difficult patch. Make sure they know that you're always there for them.
An off-hand comment from someone you have strong feelings for may leave you reeling. Is it time to reassess your priorities?
This could prove to be a tough day and you may even exchange harsh words with someone you care about deeply.
Something may happen completely out of the blue that turns your world upside down. Could love be on the cards at last?
You've been preoccupied with concerns about your love life. This is a good day to relax and just see how things turn out.
You find your mind turning to your first love. While it's not healthy to live in the past, it doesn't hurt to reminisce once in a while.
Your best-laid plans look to be in trouble today. Take it as an opportunity to show flexibility and a cool head.
If you've been meaning to join a club or take a class, this is the day to do it. You could end up meeting someone special.
This could prove to be that special day when that person you've set your sights on starts to feel the same way about you.
Sharing a good conversation with someone you have strong feelings for could make all your cares seem very far away.
Today will present challenges you'll have to overcome. But with the love of the people around you, nothing's impossible.
Be honest with yourself today. If you feel the chance of love is slipping away, don't be afraid to fight to get it back.
You want to spend time with that special someone, but things keep getting in the way. Treasure the time you do share.
You'll realise how vital your partner's love and support is today. Think of their smiling face to get through the hard times.
Don’t sidestep any tough questions your partner asks you today. Be honest and their mind will be put at ease.
If your partner says something today you just can't accept, give a careful counter-argument. They will appreciate your honesty.
You'll have the opportunity to show your organisational skills today. If you have a date, make sure it's planned to perfection.
A romantic rival may appear on the scene. Stay focused on showing your best side to the person you've set your sights on.
This is a day to have an honest talk with your partner about your future. Listen to them and find out if you're on the same path.
Opportunity will come knocking today. Don't turn down the chance to do something a bit different, as it could lead to romance.
If you're looking for love, let the people around you know. Maybe they know just the right person for you.
You seem to have a knack for saying just the right thing today. If you get a chance to talk to that certain someone, take it!
If things are going well in your love life at the moment, don't appear too self-satisfied. You risk irritating those around you.
It always pays to be prepared. If you've got a date, think beforehand about where to go and what to do.
You're in top form today and feel capable of anything. It's a great time to let that certain someone know how you really feel.
Don't be afraid of letting the person you've set your sights on know how you feel today. They'll respect you for your honesty.
Today is likely to present a chance to get to know that certain someone better. Stay calm and don't get overexcited.
Today is a good day to reflect on what your good and bad points are. Knowing yourself is vital for success in love.
You will see how much your partner cares about you today. Don't forget to show your gratitude for all they do for you.
You may enjoy a good conversation with someone you have feelings for. It's a great chance to find out more about them.
With emotions, it's hard to be completely certain, but today you'll be reassured that your feelings for that certain someone are real.
You're in a good mood today, and those around you will find your high spirits contagious. You may even gain a new admirer!
Someone you've lost touch with looks set to appear back on the scene. You may be surprised by how attractive they have grown.
A chance encounter with an old acquaintance is in store. If it's someone you share a romantic past with, keep your expectations low.
You'll meet someone today who you feel strongly attracted to, but if you start a relationship, the chances are that it won't last.
You could be lucky in love today. That person you adore from afar may well indicate that they feel the same.
You could receive an unexpected present today. It will show you how much that person values you. 
If that person you like has a problem, don't hesitate to give them advice. It could turn out to be the first step to love.
Someone you have feelings for will say something that really brightens your day. Perhaps they even feel the same...