If you're meeting someone for the first time today, try to be forthcoming and friendly. They'll be sure to respond positively.
Be brave and take a leading role in a group or club today - you may discover a whole new side of yourself!
Warring factions may demand that you pick sides today. Be cautious - sometimes it's best to stay neutral.
If relations with people around you have been tense, today looks like an opportunity to escape it all - at least for a while...
Don't try to have things all your own way today or you risk provoking resentment in people around you. 
Don't judge a book by its cover. Avoid making assumptions about people and try to get to know them properly.
If you're radically altering your behaviour depending on who you're talking to today, cut it out and stay true to yourself.
Make efforts to be friendly and approachable today. Even if you're feeling stressed, take care not to scare people off!
You'll spot qualities in one of your best friends today that you weren't previously aware  of. You're lucky to have them.
If you find yourself repeatedly talking about the same old things, today is a good day to try a fresh subject.
If you're out with a group of friends today, take the lead and suggest where to go. They're sure to be grateful!
If friction between you and certain people has been weighing on your mind, this looks like the day to put it all behind you.
You may find yourself frustrated by someone disorganised today. Try to bite your tongue and avoid being too harsh.
If both of you insist on getting your own way, it could harm your relationship. Don't forget to cut others a little slack.
Don't try too hard to get people to like you. Just be yourself and others will be sure to warm to you. 
You may be plagued by painful memories today, but try to focus on the future and put them out of your mind.
If you're not in the mood to face large groups today, don't be afraid to take a step back and spend some time alone.
You may feel nervous about speaking to new people today. Be natural and try not to over-analyse things.
Relations with those around you may get a little tense today, but stay positive and it will blow over. 
It's a day to put the needs of others before your own. Be thoughtful to those around you. 
You may feel friction with those around you, but don't let it get to you. Life can't always run smoothly. 
A friend may suggest a fun idea today, but it's never going to become a reality unless you get actively involved.
You may meet a shy and retiring person today. Take it slow and they could turn out to be a good friend. 
Be forthcoming and friendly when you meet new people today. You'll leave a lasting impression. 
The pressure's on today, so you may feel those around you are judging you harshly. Hold on and you'll get through it.
A day to appreciate the talents and abilities of those around you without bitterness or envy. You may even gain inspiration!
It looks like today will bring a chance to talk about the good old days. Enjoy it, but don't lose your grip on the present.
Harsh words aimed your way could send your mood plummeting, but pick yourself up and make sure tomorrow's better.
If someone close to you is feeling down today, do what you can to cheer them up. They won't forget it. 
A day to join forces with those close to you and ride out the challenges together. It's best not to go solo today.
Let your natural vigour shine through today and you'll be bound to inspire those around you. 
You could be bowled over by surprising news from a friend today. Don't let it overwhelm you no matter how much it changes things.
There's nothing you can't achieve today with a little teamwork. Pull together and the sky's the limit. 
Someone you never had a chance to get to know before may turn out to have more in common with you than you imagined.
A day to discard your previous prejudices and take people as they come. You won't be sorry you did! 
Persevere today and you'll be able to find common ground even between people with radically different points of view.
The importance of friendship will be brought home to you today. Aim to think of others before yourself. 
Don't hesitate to ask for help from those closest to you today. You'll see how much they care about you. 
If you have good news today, share it with those around you. It will make everyone feel good. 
Lean on your nearest and dearest today and even that unsolvable problem will prove to have a solution.
Put your kind and considerate side to the fore and offer support to a friend going through a difficult patch. 
First impressions count, so make sure you're on top form when you meet new people today. 
If you owe your friends a few favours, now is the time to repay them. They'll be sure to appreciate it.
The best way to learn more about something is to ask someone in the know. Don't hesitate to strike up a conversation today.
If you find yourself in a foul mood today, keep it to yourself and don't snap at those around you. Staying polite may help you calm down.
You may end up speaking to someone you don't usually get on with today. It could be time to give them another chance.
A trifling matter could lead to an argument with a close friend. If you're in the wrong, don't be afraid to admit it.
If a friend is going through a personal crisis, your advice could prove to be the key to solving it. 
If you're at a loss as to which path to follow, listen to the people who care about you most today. 
You lack the energy to fully engage with those around you today. Don't worry about it too much - you may just need to rest.
Something you say may be taken the wrong way today and land you in hot water. Choose your words with care.
You may suffer an attack of uncertainty today. Lean on those around you as they'll be glad to lend you their support.
A formal occasion today may give you the opportunity to show off your more refined and elegant side.
Your leadership skills look likely to come to the fore today. Those around you may even start to look at you in a new way.
A day for putting differences behind you and uniting for the greater good. You'll achieve things you never could alone.
Don't be afraid to insist today if you believe something is right. There are times for compromise, but today's not one of them.
It's a great day to learn new things and accept challenges. You may meet others and discover a whole new side of yourself.
Come out of your shell today and speak to new people. It's a great chance to broaden your circle of acquaintances.
By teaming up with your friends and working towards a common goal, the bonds between you will grow stronger.
Carelessly chosen words today could jeopardise your good relations with those closest to you. It's not a good day for discussing sensitive topics.  
Find some time to be by yourself today. You don't have to be sociable and outgoing all the time. 
Someone you have been wanting to get to know better may approach you today. Be sure to welcome them. 
Shared interests are a great way to deepen friendships. Take time today to find out what those around you are interested in.
You look likely to meet someone who introduces you to a whole new circle of friends today. Embrace the opportunity.
You risk saying something too revealing to a close friend today. It's safer to maintain some distance. 
You may find yourself forced to speak sternly to a friend today. Choose your words with care and don't be needlessly harsh.
You'll capture the attention of others today and be able to express a different side of yourself.
You may exchange harsh words with a close friend today, but it could end up strengthening your friendship in the long run.
You'll feel real gratitude for those around you today. Remember that you won't be able to achieve your goals without them.
Make the wrong decision today and your reputation could suffer. Stand firm and things could work out in your favour.
You may need to act as mediator when conflict breaks out among your friends. Try to act swiftly. 
It will be vital to stick to your guns today and not to be influenced by the opinions of those around you. 
You may well meet someone who will play an important role in your future and help you grow as a person.
You'll have a new-found appreciation for those close to you today. Trust and respect are things that can't be bought.
It's a day to get to know those around you better. Pluck up the courage to invite them out and they'll be happy to join you.
You may find yourself irritated by the behaviour of those around you today. Try your best not to let it show.
Your friends seem to be pulling in different directions today and it will be left up to you to try to bring them together.
If you have personal matters you want to discuss, choose your confidante with care or gossip could spread.
If there's something you don't understand, don't try to hide your ignorance. Pluck up the courage to ask those around you.
A conversation with friends could unsettle you today. It's important to stay calm and not to overreact. 
If your friends are getting on your nerves, it's a good idea to put some distance between you and them today.
It's a great day to meet up with old friends, chat about the past and forget about all your worries. 
Someone you hadn't got on with up to now may reveal a different side of themselves today. You may have a lot in common.
If you've been neglecting your friends, make time to meet up and have some fun with them today. Really let your hair down!
Someone will appear on the scene today with the power to really shake things up. Don't be afraid of the new!
If someone steps over the line today, tell them politely but firmly where the limits are. 
You look set to discover a whole new side of someone close to you today. Embrace it and it could strengthen your friendship.
If it's all become a little stale and routine between you and your friends, try to shake things up a bit! 
You have a lot to learn from the people closest to you. Don't be afraid to emulate those you admire. 
Your positive qualities will become crystal clear to all those around you today. Try to enjoy the attention! 
If your friends are at loggerheads today, take the initiative and force them to come to an agreement. 
A hasty decision today could risk alienating your friends. Think things through clearly before rushing into anything.
If you're not on your guard, you may come across as arrogant or self-centred today. Try to tone it down a bit.
Being a good friend means being tolerant of others' blunders. For your friends' sakes, don't let your frustrations show today!
A moment of thoughtlessness on your part could cause major trouble for those around you today. 
Lend a hand to anyone around you who might need it. Just don't overdo it or it will look like you're interfering.
Relations with others may be causing you tension, so try to escape it all and take a break from reality today.
Be true to your instincts today and avoid the temptation to say things you don't really believe. 
If your friends are reluctant to try new things, take the initiative and organise an outing. They'll be glad you did!
Friendships can be sorely tested by people trying to prove that they're number one. Avoid comparing yourself with others.
Rumours may be doing the rounds among your friends today. Don't believe them without seeing solid proof first.
You'll need to be a good friend today and show kindness and consideration to those closest to you.
Stand firm today if a friend makes an unreasonable demand. A true friend isn't afraid to say when something's wrong.
Treasure the time you spend with your friends today. Expressing your appreciation is bound to make your friendship stronger.
Spend quality time with friends today. Going out for a good meal is a great way for everyone to have fun.
If you've been meaning to join a club or take a course, now's the time! You'll broaden your circle of friends.
It could be time for a new you! You're likely to meet people today who will help you grow as a person. 
A day to take pleasure in doing things for others and going out of your way to help out your friends. 
Why not take part in events in your local area? You'll enjoy becoming more of a part of the community. 
Meeting an old friend could spark memories of the past. Enjoy savouring the mood of nostalgia. 
You may hear that someone you know is a success story today. Don’t be envious - let it spur you on to try harder.
Don't compare yourself unfavourably to those around you today. Try to gain inspiration from their positive points.
Adding a little culture to your life today will be a great chance to meet interesting new people. 
If you've exchanged harsh words with someone, take the lead and offer an apology. You'll find there's no harm done to your relationship.
A day to ask yourself whether you're fulfilling your responsibilities to others. Take a long, hard look at your actions.
Take the chance to spend quality time with friends today. You'll forget all of your recent stresses and strains.
You risk getting your wires crossed and getting the wrong idea today. Take care to listen to what people are really saying.
If a friend makes a blunder today, do your best to overlook it and give them your support. They won't forget your kindness.
Be wary of speaking out of line today. You may find yourself unthinkingly saying too much during a casual conversation.
A stray comment from a friend could wound your pride today. It's best to let them know they've overstepped the line.
Don't take out your frustrations on those around you today. A little self-control can go a long way. 
Tension is in the air today and there may be people you really don't feel like facing. Play it cool and stay out of their way.
You may find yourself at the centre of attention today. Don't let it go to your head or you'll end up impressing no one.
Be polite and respectful to those around you, but don't try too hard to ingratiate yourself with people. Just be yourself.
A person you've just got to know may reveal an unappealing side today. If they've gone too far, don't be afraid to say so.
Avoid getting worked up today and let your friend tell their side of the story. Are you certain you're not in the wrong?
It's an ideal day to focus on building good relations with those around you. Try to be sensitive to others' needs.
Discard your preconceptions today and take people as they are, especially if meeting  someone for the first time.
Don't be afraid to talk with friends about your dreams or ambitions. It could be the first step to making them a reality.
Come out of your shell and try to mingle with others today. You'll receive a welcome boost in energy and confidence.
Happiness doesn't lie in always thinking about yourself. Aim to take pleasure in the happiness of others today.
Today is a good chance to make new acquaintances. Be sociable and you'll find yourself connecting with others.
An old friend you've lost touch with is likely to cross your mind today. Why not let them know you were thinking about them?
The way to make new friends is to be yourself. Just be open  and honest and people will find you to be approachable.
If you're stuck in a rut, take a break from the norm and join your friends in doing something a little different today.
The easiest way to resolve tensions is to discuss the problem openly. Don't skirt around the issue today. 
This is a good day for deepening relationships. There be may some surprises along the way, but you'll have to wait and see...
You look likely to be called upon to give advice today. Go the extra mile and try your best to help the other person out.
A day to let your hair down  and have some fun with your friends. Lose yourself in the moment and forget your worries.
There may be question marks about your actions today. Fight your corner and explain yourself openly and honestly.
If friction with those around you is causing you stress, plan to get away from it all and put it out of your mind.
News you've been impatiently waiting for finally arrives today. Whether it's good or bad, share it with those closest to you.
A decision you make today risks the ire of those around you. Be sure to consider others' feelings before acting.
Be on your guard against thoughtless words or actions today or you could end up kicking yourself later.
Differing opinions could cause conflict today. Listen to others' views, but stand your ground and explain your case clearly.
You may end up in competition with an acquaintance today. Let them know that there are no hard feelings, whatever the result.
Big changes are afoot today. It could be the chance you've been looking for to realise your potential and grow as a person.
Recalling a friend's words, you may see what they truly meant and realise with gratitude they have your best interests at heart.
It's good to be trusting, but you risk being taken in by someone's deception today if you don't pay attention.
You'll need to employ your people skills today. Be friendly and polite and you can overcome difficulties in any relationship.
You may have to caution someone about their behaviour today. Stand your ground and make your point clearly and firmly.
Take a break from the stresses of the workaday world. Go somewhere quiet with friends and just relax. 
Aim to maintain good relations with those around you. No relationship is without tension, but focus on the positives.
Being generous and open is the best way to forge good relationships. Don't spend time finding fault with others.
A shared experience that is quite out of the ordinary may bring you closer to those around you today. 
If conversation with those around you has grown a little stale, try your best to inject a little life into it today.
You may find yourself caught in the middle of an argument. Try to see the common ground and act as a mediator.
Are you making demands of others but not fulfilling your side of the bargain? Relationships are all about give and take.
You've got your own individual style and today you'll feel like expressing it fully, but always think carefully about what you're trying to achieve.  
You may be troubled to see that someone you know can be two-faced. Maybe you should put some distance between you?
The words of someone you respect could inspire you to make changes in your life today. Seize the opportunity!
A secret you've been hiding from your friends may be about to be revealed. It might be best to pre-empt it and tell them yourself.
A chance to flaunt your leadership skills may present itself today. Seize it and show everyone what you can really do.
If you've been neglecting your relatives recently, why not get in touch with them and see what they've been up to.
Take the chance to add a more refined element to your life. A gallery or drama circle is a great way to meet interesting new people.
Don't lose your self-control today or you'll cause hassle for those around you. Stay calm and keep a cool head.
Harsh words could be exchanged by those around you today. Remain neutral and avoid getting sucked into the argument.
Don't leave those around you in doubt about where you stand today. If you don't speak up, they'll never know.
You may feel a rival is on your turf today, but don't be hostile. You could end up becoming friends through your shared interests.
Why not organise a trip away with friends? Take the lead and get the ball rolling. Everyone will be grateful to you.
Pulling together and tackling problems as a team is the best solution for dealing with obstacles in your path today.
Those around you are likely to let you know how highly they regard you today. You may even assume a leadership role.
You may find yourself acting as adjudicator when opinion is split. Be decisive and make your reasoning clear to everyone.
You may find a loyal ally today. Show them that you value them and they will be sure to fight your corner in future.
You may well feel hurt today after being excluded from your group of friends. Things will look better in the morning.
You'll finally cross the finish line and achieve a goal that you and those around you have been working towards.
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery. If you respect someone, try to emulate the positive aspects of their behaviour.
A casual conversation could resurrect painful memories of the past. Vow to move forward and put those days behind you.
You may feel obliged to intervene to stop an argument escalating today. Both sides will be grateful that you got involved.
A position of responsibility could be on the cards today. Seize it and show those around you what you're made of.
You may find yourself making sacrifices to save a friendship. Never forget how precious your friends are.
A new factor looks like it could complicate a friendship today. Don't forget that friends are something that money can't buy.
A relationship that has been strained recently may be on the road to recovery. This could even make you closer friends.
Facing difficulties shoulder to shoulder with friends will deepen the bonds between you. 
A small gesture of kindness from someone you don't know all that well could brighten your day and fill you with gratitude.
Pleasures are greater when they're shared. Gather your friends today and remind yourself how lucky you are to have them.
Avoid being too critical of others or overly-negative today or even your close friends may tire of  spending time with you.
It's vital that you don't hide things from your friends today. You'll find a problem shared is a problem halved.
A casual acquaintance may be on the way to becoming a good friend. You may find that something in your past connects you.
Listen carefully to the words of people you respect today. You would be wise to learn from them and follow their advice.
It's a great day to share your expertise with those around you. Don't shy away from revealing your skills.
Tensions with those around you may reach breaking point today, but running away from the situation will solve nothing.
A day to have fun with good friends. Playing a game or sport will release you from all your stress and worries.
You may find yourself uncomfortable today as you become the centre of attention. Don't forget that your friends are there for you.  
You may feel you're stuck in a rut in terms of your relation with those around you. Why not aim to shake things up today?
If you only think of your own advantage, it could put off those around you. Make sacrifices for the good of the group.
You'll feel a real weight being taken off your shoulders today as you've fulfilled your responsibilities. You've earned a break!
A friend may seem absent or distracted today, but don't draw undue attention to it. Be patient and they'll return to their old selves.
A day when you don't feel much  like facing others. Go easy on yourself - you'll be back in good form tomorrow.
Even if you can't meet your friends face-to-face today, take the time to write them a mail or give them a call.
If you're meeting someone for the first time today, just be yourself. It's sure to put them at ease. 
If someone confides in you today, do your best to give them advice. By sharing a problem, you'll grow closer.
Don't be too hasty to get on your high horse and criticise others today. It could end up rebounding on you.
Don't be afraid to be yourself today - but that doesn't mean you shouldn't show consideration for those around you.
Your instincts are sharp today and you'll be able to sense what's expected of you, no matter what the situation.
You can't be liked by everyone. Don't try too hard to be ingratiating today or you'll risk being thought of as phoney.
If discussions seem to be going round in circles, take the lead and lay your true thoughts on the line. It will help everyone.
If your relationships with those around you have been stormy recently, tensions look like they could start to ease today.
Go out of your way to talk to new people today and take the initiative in everything you do. You never know when you'll need a circle of reliable friends in future.  
It's time for everyone to make up their mind. If no one else will do it, you may need to step in to make an executive decision.
An old friend may get in touch from out of the blue today. Enjoy taking a trip down memory lane together.
If you feel you and a friend are starting to drift apart, make an effort to get in touch and arrange to meet up soon.
It's a good day to build good relations with your neighbours. Just a friendly greeting is enough to build bridges.
Destiny is at work today. A chance encounter with a passer-by could be the start of a new friendship. 
You may learn that you have a reputation as a safe pair of hands today. You'll need to work hard to live up to it!
Tensions may come out in the open today as rivals vie for position. If you're aiming for the top, you'd better act fast.
Take the time to observe those around you and study their motivations. You'll learn a lot about human psychology!
You may become lost in your own thoughts today and your mind could turn to the past. Enjoy the nostalgia trip!
A major slip-up in front of others could shake your confidence. Stay calm and avoid compounding the situation - you'll be fine.
Take the time today to organise a get-together with your closest friends to show how much you appreciate them.
You'll realise how precious your friends are today. Whatever problems you're facing, you can count on their support.
If an important meeting is coming up, make sure you've done all you can to ensure it goes without a hitch.
Don't be afraid to do something a little out of the ordinary today to get people's attention. Be sure to leave an impression.
If you've fallen out with a friend, this is the perfect day to build bridges. You're likely to both admit you were in the wrong.
Success looks to be on the cards for a group or organisation you belong to. Take pride in all of your efforts. 
A day for compromise. If you're digging your heels in and refusing to budge, take a moment to reconsider your position.
Go out of your way today to do something for the good of everyone. Your selflessness will be greatly appreciated.
Your good deeds are likely to be rewarded today. Continue to be considerate to those around you and you'll go far.
Do you ever feel that you are all constantly discussing the same subjects? Try to introduce a fresh topic today.
If you've been hiding something from a friend, it's the time to come clean. You'll feel a weight has been lifted from you.
Be careful not to cancel arrangements with friends at the last minute today. You risk severely testing their patience.
A day to let your family know you're grateful for all they do for you. Go out of your way to make time for them.
If you constantly change your opinions to fit the situation, people will start to doubt your integrity. Stand by your beliefs.
You may be given a chance to meet someone famous through a friend or an acquaintance today. Don't be shy!
If you sense tension between people today, don't be too hasty in demanding to know what the matter is. All will become clear.
You'll meet people from all walks of life today. It's a good chance to make new acquaintances and broaden your horizons.
If there are people you've been meaning to get in touch with for ages, why not send them a mail or give them a call today?
If you're competing with rivals, it looks like the day when you'll put some distance between you and them. Aim to stay ahead.
Don't be afraid to let those around you know what your goal is. They may be able to lend you a hand. 
A well-timed quip could lighten the mood today and relieve tensions. Just take care not to choose the wrong moment...
If you feel you and your friends are in a bit of a rut, try to go somewhere new today and liven things up.
Rumours you know to be false may surface today. Act fast and nip them in the bud. 
You need some stress relief today, so why not go with your friends to the park? It will do you a world of good.
You will finally succeed in broaching a subject you've wanted to discuss with a friend. Doing so will take a weight off your mind.
You'll be reminded today that with your very closest friends, you often don't have to say a word. They'll be sure to understand.
A friend seeking advice today could put you on the spot. Be honest with them, even if it's not the answer they want to hear.
You look likely to receive an invitation from a friend. Make time for them, no matter how busy you are.
You may discover you have a lot in common with someone you didn't expect. It may turn out to be the start of a close friendship.
Your friends may need you today. Make sure to be there for them and they will never forget it. 
Someone you did a favour for looks likely to choose today to repay you. It may not be in the way you expected!
You may get the sense that a friend isn't being completely honest with you, but don't be  too hasty in making accusations.
You may spend time with people you don't know all that well today. Be open and listen to them instead of doing all the talking.
You've been through a hard time lately - today is a chance to start to make some changes and try to put it all behind you.
Dealing with people is never easy, and today you feel there are tensions that will never be resolved. It's best to take a break.
You may find yourself drawn to someone and keen to find out more about them. Don't be afraid to go over and talk to them.
Someone you've crossed paths with but never met properly may finally be introduced to you today. 
You may fall out with a friend over a trivial matter today. Instead of sulking, talk it out and you'll end up closer than ever.
Today will be filled with opportunities to meet new people. Be open and friendly and people will respond well to you. 
Be responsive and understanding of the needs of those around you today. Showing awareness will ease any tensions.
If you're among people who don't know each other, be the first to break the ice. The others will appreciate it greatly.
If the right words don't come easily in discussions today, put yourself in the other person's shoes and it will start to flow.
The people around you seem to be pulling in different directions. It may be exhausting but do what you can to stay neutral.
Major upheavals look likely today. If you are moving on to pastures new, show everyone how much you will miss them.
If there's someone you've been wanting to get to know better, today looks like it could bring your chance. Keep your cool!
If you've been avoiding giving a straight answer, you may have to face the music today. Get to the point and be honest.
A team effort today will remind you of the power of working together to achieve what you can't hope to alone.
Learning a new skill or craft can be a great way to broaden your circle of acquaintances. Get involved today!
Someone close to you looks set to move on. You'll miss them, but don't try to hold them back. 
A group or organisation you belong to will receive sudden attention. Enjoy the spotlight while it lasts.
You'll be asked to make sacrifices for the good of those around you today. Do you have the courage to put others first?
Even with close friends, there are lines that shouldn't be crossed. Don't be afraid to make that clear today.
A statement you make today looks likely to spark controversy. Stand your ground, even if others keep their distance.
A great chance to make new friends is on the cards today. Be open and engaging and others will respond well to you.
Take time to organise a day out with close friends. Go somewhere new and share the experience with each other.
Someone may act in a hostile manner towards you today. If you've done nothing to justify it, don't let it get to you.
Make an effort to spend time with your nearest and dearest today. Perhaps an elderly relative would enjoy seeing you.
A day to be aware of others. Be sensitive to the moods of others and you'll be able to  judge how to respond accordingly.
If you have something to celebrate today, be sure to share it with those around you. Everyone's mood will get a welcome lift.
Try to meet up with those closest to you and you'll spend a tranquil and relaxing time. Let all your worries go!
Take time to think of those less fortunate than you today. You might even consider volunteering or doing charity work.
You'll enter the orbit of a very sociable person today. Get to know them and your social circle will be sure to expand.
A problem shared is a problem halved. Confide in your friends today and it will make the bonds between you stronger.
Leave your own best interests to one side today and go out of your way for other people. You'll be sure to grow as a person.
Set a goal and take the lead in gathering talented people who can reach it. It's good to be part of a team effort.
If you've been a little self-absorbed recently, put your troubles to one side and see if those around you need your help.
Shake off the cobwebs by gathering some friends and doing a little bit of exercise. It will put a spring back in your step.
You won't feel like being the centre of attention today. Take a back seat and let others take the lead. 
You'll sense how important your friendships are to you today. But that doesn't mean you should exclude others.
You may get the chance to assist a friend to achieve their dream today. Take pleasure in giving them a helping hand.
If you've kept quiet about an achievement or some good news, it may leak out today. Be happy that others can share it with you.
Friends lean on each other. If a friend has helped you out of a tight spot, today may well be the time to return the favour.
Demands may be made of you today by someone who doesn't take no for an answer. Agree to nothing before you have time to think.
You may have a leadership role thrust upon you today. Take it as a sign of the regard that those around you hold you in.
If you're not feeling overly sociable today, don't be afraid to stay in and spend some quality time with a book or film.
You need a change of scenery today, so why not invite a friend to go out with you? Try exploring a new area.
Do your best to be friendly and cheerful today. If you meet someone new, they'll get a positive impression of you.
You could become newly aware of your duties towards those around you today. Don't shy away from extra responsibility.
Nothing will feel impossible today if you join forces with those closest to you. Work together and you can achieve anything!
You may have to make a decision today. It's best not to brood over it, but to trust your instinct and stick to it.
Your ability to keep a cool head in a crisis looks set to be put to the test today. Stay calm even if those round you panic!
If you're feeling overwhelmed, try to spend time with the people you trust the most. They'll be a source of reassurance.
Dealing with other people doesn't always go the way you want it to. Take a mature attitude today if things don't go as you'd planned.
Even when talking with close friends, there are things that should remain unsaid. Don’t forget those boundaries today.
If you've fallen out with a friend, it's the time to admit you were in the wrong. They'll be sure to forgive and forget.
You may require the wisdom of experience today. Ask someone older than you for advice and you won't regret it.
You may find your friends finishing your sentences today. Be thankful for the depth of the friendship you've built.
If a friend asks you to do them a favour, go out of your way for them. Even if you're not totally comfortable, they won't forget it.
Multitasking is all well and good, but do your best to give people your full attention when they speak to you today.
Don’t let a small triumph go to your head today. If you brag, those around you will be likely to resent your attitude.
If you've met someone for the first time recently, don't make the mistake of being over-familiar today. It may be too soon.
Today you'll enjoy a real  sense of camaraderie as you join forces with those around you to tackle a challenge.
You'll find it easy to get along with those around you today. It's a great day to build bridges. 
If you're not careful today, your attitude could rub people up the wrong way. Try to be aware when you're going too far.
If someone's not giving you a straight answer, it might be time to put them on the spot. Make sure they can't wriggle out of it.
If you've been having trouble reaching an agreement with someone, it's time to lay it on the line and bring them round.
You look all set to impress today. Don't be afraid to take on challenges and you'll win the admiration of those around you.
Someone in a more senior position to you may well notice your abilities today. Don't let it go to your head.
It's the day for a fresh start. Aim to put the past behind you and face the future with a smile. 
You may be forced to let a friend down today. Be sure to apologise and tell them you'll make it up to them.
Tensions with others have been weighing you down, but you look set to be released from them today.
You could feel a little left out of the group at times today. Don't let it worry you - just be cheerful and the clouds will pass.
You may be called upon to calm a friend who has lost their temper today. Give them time and space. 
You're feeling confident and in high spirits today, but avoid boasting and bragging or it may irritate others. 
If you're on the verge of losing your temper today, think about the consequences and do your best to bite your tongue.
You may feel the urge to go your own way today. Don't be afraid to take a different path to those around you.
If you've always wanted to learn more about something, why not enrol on a course? There's no time like the present!
A day to talk with old friends and cast your mind back to the good old days. Savouring a bit of nostalgia is no bad thing.
If you tend to think only of how things benefit you, this is a good time to try to put others' needs first. 
You'll feel released from a relationship that's been causing you a lot of stress. It's a great time to go out and meet new people.
You'll be aware of the strong bonds of trust and respect between you and the people around you. You're lucky to have them.
Find time to laugh and joke with your friends today. It may even lead to you being struck by unexpected  inspiration.
How good a judge of character are you? It may be time to find out as you look likely to be put to the test today.
Your behaviour could raise eyebrows and ruffle feathers today. If you've gone too far, be sure to take the blame and apologise.
It's best to surround yourself with people today. If you spend the day alone, you may feel life is passing you by.
Try to give something back to the local community today. Working as a volunteer will be sure to broaden your horizons.
Don’t be afraid to take the initiative today and go out of your way to set a good example to those around you.
A heated exchange of views means you may be tempted to storm out. It's better to stand firm and make your views clear.
Why not invite your closest friends to your place for an impromptu dinner party? Your spontaneity is bound to be a big hit!
If you think two of your acquaintances might hit it off, try to arrange to introduce them today. They'll both be grateful to you.
Spending all your time with the same people may risk narrowing your mind. Take a break and see the bigger picture today.
A day to face up to responsibility. Don't be afraid to take leadership roles today - stand up and be counted!
A chance to get to know some new acquaintances better presents itself today. You may prove to have a lot in common!
You're feeling energetic today and will be able to deal with anyone and get your point of view across clearly. 
It may be time to add a little culture to your life. Perhaps one of your more refined friends can give you a few pointers?
You'll radiate energy and be sure to give a good impression to those around you today. If only every day was like this...
One of your friends looks likely to have a very successful day. Share their pleasure and let it spur you on to emulate them!
It's a great day to go clothes shopping with a friend and find a new style. You'll have fun - and maybe discover a new you!
If the people around you are excited by something, you may get carried away by it all. Take care not to lose your self-control.
It's a great day to try something you've been meaning to do. Whether it's a foreign language or an art course, give it a go!
Make time for your family today and they'll be sure to be grateful to you for making the effort. 
Be aware of areas where you fall short today and try to link up with those around you to achieve your goals.
You may find yourself to be the subject of suspicion today. If you're in the right, make your case clear and don't back down.
Your funny side looks set to shine through and you'll have friends rolling on the floor laughing. Don't overdo it though, or you could fall flat.  
It's a great day to roll up your sleeves and get things done. Find others who share your attitude and work together with them.
Friendship is not about what you can get out of it. You'll see today that its true meaning lies much deeper than that.
An incident today may make you look at your friends in a new light. It might be time to make some changes in your life.
You'll feel reassured today that your relations with those around you are solid and that they'll be able to weather any storm.
Talking to an old friend will bring back fond memories of the past. You can't dwell in the past - but it's nice to visit sometimes.
Criticism from a friend may hit a raw nerve today. Accept their honesty and don't hit back at them in response.
You'll be freshly reminded today of how precious friendship is. Let your friends know you're there for them with a small gift.