Take a long hard look at your outgoing expenses. You may chance upon a way to save a little more. 
It's a great day to take up a hobby or invest in new training or skills. It will pay off in the long run. 
It's nice to be generous, but are you sure there aren't people taking advantage of your good nature? 
If you have spare cash burning a hole in your pocket today, why not treat yourself for a change? 
A bit of good luck today could see something you've wanted to buy for a long time falling into your lap. 
Avoid impulse purchases or you could find yourself coming home with a much lighter wallet. 
When things sound too good to be true, it's often because they're not true! Watch out for scams today. 
You're feeling carefree at the moment, but don't forget to put a little money aside each day - it all adds up.
It's a good day to think about your savings. Research the best place to make your money work for you. 
If you're thinking of making a major purchase, be sure to do your homework and find the best price. 
It looks like the day to make that major purchase you've been putting  off. Be sure to find the best deal! 
Try to rein in your spending today. Once the money is gone, you're not likely to see it again. 
Don't buy anything today you're not absolutely sure you can afford. Avoid paying for anything on credit. 
If there's something you've been craving, you may realise today that actually you can live without it. 
Get-rich-quick schemes and investment tips may come your way today. Take them with a pinch of salt.
There's no substitute for sound financial advice. Speak to someone you trust today to learn some top tips.
It's best to have a bit of spare cash on you today. Even if you don't think you'll need it, you may be surprised.
Your finances are going through a bit of a rocky patch. Note down your outgoings - it's a good way  to control them.
It looks like a small windfall could be winging its way to you today. Don't spend it all at once! 
Don't be stingy today. Be prepared to share the wealth and treat your friends or family. 
You'll wonder today if the hard work you're doing is sufficiently rewarded. It may be time to make a change. 
Keep your ear close to the ground today and you may hear of a good opportunity to boost your income. 
You may unexpectedly find yourself with some spare cash today. Why not splash out on a treat? 
It's time to dig deep today and donate some money to a charity or a good cause. 
If you've been spending money with no thought of tomorrow, now's the time to take control. 
It's important to keep saving steadily, but today looks like the right time to buy yourself a little treat. 
Think carefully before throwing things away today. Perhaps you could reuse them and save money. 
You may be forced to part with more money than you expected today. It may be time to tighten your belt.
Advice from a friend today may give you a great way to boost your income or maximise your savings. 
It feels great to spend money on other people. Today's the time to splash out on friends or family. 
If money troubles have been getting you down, it looks like the sun may shine from between the clouds today.
If you're not prepared today, your finances may be left reeling when several bills arrive at the same time. 
Good news looks to be on the cards today and you should be able to achieve greater financial stability. 
Decisions you make today could have a significant impact on your finances. Proceed with caution. 
Don't put all your eggs in one basket today. If you're making investments, spread your money around.
Do some research today on your financial options and don't be afraid to change your approach. 
Don't focus on short-term gain today. Keep your eye on the long-term and it will work out better for you.
A day when you'll find you can make a little go a long way. It's a perfect time to get your budget in order. 
Fortune may favour you today with a windfall heading your way. Share the good news with close friends. 
If someone is down on their luck today, it's best to reach into your pockets and help them out. 
Keep track of small expenditures, as they all add up and could end up costing you more than you think. 
You'll have trouble balancing the books today. Keep a closer eye than usual on the money you spend. 
If you own someone a favour, now's the time to repay it. Spending money on others can prove very rewarding. 
If you're concerned about keeping your finances in order, try asking for advice from those around you. 
Play your cards right today and you could be on the receiving end of someone else's generosity. 
If there's something you're saving up for, stay focused today or you'll end up spending your money thoughtlessly.
It's fine to be frugal, but you may be taking it a bit far. Don't be afraid to push the boat out from time to time. 
If a friend has fallen on hard times, lend them a hand today and show you haven't forgotten them. 
If you've been wasting money on things you don't need, today's the day to wrest back some control. 
Money can cause more trouble than it's worth sometimes. You'll be reminded today that it can't buy happiness.
You're stressed and tempted to indulge in some retail therapy. Take care not to squander your hard-earned cash.
A friend may warn you about your spending habits today. You may resent it, but it's for your own good.
You're tempted to push the boat out today and treat yourself. Just be sure you can really afford it! 
Think of investing some money in yourself today. You could take a course and learn valuable new skills. 
Go shopping for household goods today and you look likely to chance upon some real finds. 
Do your homework and find out the best way to make your money go further. 
A spending spree could leave you down in the dumps today. Be sure to think before you splurge. 
Even if you're in tough financial straits, don't borrow money without thinking it through very carefully. 
The value of money will be brought home to you today and those around you will show they admire how hard you work for it.
If you've bought an expensive item, don't go flashing it around today or others will resent you for it. 
Money troubles could come between you and your friends today. Be patient and the situation will calm down.
An unexpected windfall today could cheer you up. Why not use it to buy a surprise gift for a close friend? 
It's a great day to start saving. Set yourself a goal such as going on a short trip, and work towards it. 
Money may land in your lap today, but don't rush to spend it all at once. Put it aside for a rainy day. 
Today looks like it could bring you a chance to boost your income. Don't let it slip by! 
You'll be full of bright ideas today about how to make your money go further. Look at ways to invest it. 
If you can't seem to save any of your income, be strict with yourself about what you really need to buy. 
If you're too greedy today, it could end up rebounding on you and causing serious friction with a friend. 
You may end up forced to make an unexpected purchase today. Be sure you have funds in reserve. 
You'll realise today that your possessions don't determine who you are. Listen to your friends' opinions - they know you best, after all!  
If you've built up debt, it's time to get focused and work on clearing it. It will require some sacrifice. 
You have to speculate to accumulate. It's a day to think of ways to make your money work for you.
There's more to life than shopping. Why not use your money to broaden your horizons with a trip to the opera or theatre?
Keep an eye on the news today. An event that could affect your financial security looks likely to occur. 
Be sure to discuss any major purchase with those closest to you today. Don't do anything rash. 
You may be forced to listen to unwelcome advice today about money. Trust your own instincts. 
Do your best to economise today, but don't set yourself unrealistic goals you have no chance of achieving.
A top tip today sounds too good to be true. Only follow it after consulting with your most trusted friends.
If you don't understand financial jargon, take time to get to grips with it today. It's bound to prove useful. 
You may lose sight of what you're saving for today. Remind yourself you may need it for a rainy day. 
Splitting the bill today could lead to others grumbling. Try to work out the fairest method before paying. 
You may feel forced to contribute to a present today but it's best to pay up rather than create a scene. 
Put a little aside each day and you'll see your savings grow. Don't be tempted by risky investments today. 
You may hear of a tempting business opportunity today, but only invest what you can truly afford to. 
You can't magic away money troubles, even if you wish you could today. Put a little aside each day. 
You may spot a tempting bargain today, but take a good look first. You could end up regretting an impulse purchase.
If you splash out on something you wouldn't normally buy today, it could open your eyes to a new side of yourself.
Neither a borrower nor a lender be. Don't let money come between you and your closest friends today. 
Take time to learn more about successful people today and you may pick up some priceless advice. 
You won't become a millionaire overnight. Get off to a good start today by setting yourself an achievable goal.
Indecision about which item to purchase could cause headaches today. It may be best to wait until tomorrow.
Take time to think about your  spending habits today. Did you really need to make that latest purchase? 
If you find the item you've been looking for today, don't hesitate to snap it up or someone else will! 
If someone is nagging you to dip into your pockets and buy them something, don't be afraid to refuse. 
Read the small print today or you may be risking your money unnecessarily. Guard against being scammed.
If decisions you make about money today look likely to affect others, be sure to consult with them first. 
Luck may seem to be on your side today and you could come into some money, but it might open up pitfalls too.
Don't brag, boast or tell lies about the state of your finances. You're likely to end up regretting it. 
If some money comes your way today, why not use it to do something you've always wanted to try?
Be cautious today or you could jeopardise your financial security. Don't let the blood rush to your head.
Rumours abound today that a friend has come into serious money. Remember that gossip can be a long way from the truth.
If a friend's in dire financial straits, help them out without drawing too much attention to it. One day, they'll return the favour.
Unpaid debts can cause discord between friends and family. To prevent rifts, avoid lending any money today.
Money spent on what you firmly believe to be a good cause will deliver real results today that exceed your expectations.
If you've got a little extra money today, why not treat your friends? You'll feel better than if you'd just hoarded it.
If you're shelling out on a major purchase, be sure to do your homework first. Compare prices to find the best deal.
It's not a day to take any risks with your money. Expecting large returns for minimal effort isn't realistic. 
Even if it's a small amount, start putting a little aside every day. By the end of the year, you'll be surprised how much you've saved.
If you owe anyone money, don't delay in paying it back. An unpaid debt could lead to all kinds of complications.
Keep your eyes open today and you may spot a bargain you can't resist. Don't hesitate - it's likely to prove a good buy.
Money won't just fall into your lap, so make a resolution today to roll up your sleeves and work hard to earn it.
Don't waste money on things you're not sure you really want today. You'll find exactly what you're looking for soon.
You may feel tempted to invest in art or antiques today. Be sure to take expert advice before parting with your money.
If you're unsure about a purchase today, ask the opinion of as many people as you can and you'll know what to do.
A day for caution. If you live for today and think nothing of tomorrow, you'll end up regretting it in the long run.
If you have a little money to spare, think of getting away from it all today and taking a short break. 
If you have savings or investments, keep a close eye on them today in case their value takes a hit. 
If you've been avoiding thinking about putting your finances in order, now's the time to take the initiative. 
You may become aware that expenditure is outweighing income today. It could be time to tighten your belt.
An item that's been in the family for generations may prove to be more valuable than you ever imagined. 
You may be dazzled by something you feel you just have to buy today. Take a step back and think it through carefully.
If you've been saving up for something, check that it's still in stock today. You may find it's on the verge of selling out.
A day to invest money in self-improvement. If there's a course you've been meaning to take, now's the time!
You may receive warnings about how you've been spending money recently. It's best to take them on board.
Those around you may try to dissuade you from making a purchase today. Be sure you know what you're doing.
Discussing money matters with friends could prove surprisingly enjoyable - and you may pick up valuable advice.
You seem blessed with uncanny powers of foresight today, so you should be confident in making financial decisions.
Don't believe rumours or gossip today or you could end up risking your money on a lost cause. 
Tell your friends today that you've set your sights on saving a certain amount. It will help to spur you on. 
Events demanding serious spending seem to be looming today. It's time to cut back on unnecessary spending.
Don't skimp on spending money if you're enjoying yourself today. You can't worry about pinching the pennies all the time.
Your suspicions are aroused today by a money-making scheme that sounds too good to be true. It's best to steer clear.
Today is a day to recall past financial mistakes and unwise purchases, and vow never to  repeat them.
It's not sensible to be too open about your finances today. Be discreet or you risk the wrong person overhearing.
Don't be afraid to push the boat out today and go to see an expensive show or musical. You won't regret it.
It may be time for a clear-out. Why not try selling your unwanted items? You could end up making a tidy profit.
If you have money worries, don't try to hide them from those closest to you. They're bound to have good advice.
The worst of your fears about money won't come true today, but you should learn a valuable lesson. 
A fun event today means you may get carried away and be flash with your cash. Don't make it a regular occurrence.
If you're making a major purchase today, be sure to check the small print or you may run into difficulties later.
You're keen to let off steam today and risk spending more than you can afford. Get a grip before it gets serious.
Don't take money-making tips at face value today and be sure to check that they came from a reliable source.
Beware those who talk big today, as the chances are that they're bluffing. Don't let yourself be taken in. 
A small slip today could have expensive consequences. Take extra care when making purchases or filling in forms.
Your wallet seems to be emptying faster than you can refill it. Get a grip on your spending and take it slow today.
Luck looks like it will be on your side today and money may be coming your way. Enjoy it while it lasts!
You won't build up your savings unless you make a conscious decision to start. Today's the day to do it!
Consider your options carefully today. Do some homework and you may find the perfect place for your money.
You may find yourself feeling envious of others' possessions today, but try to be thankful for what you've got.
Competing with others over money could do your finances harm in the long run. Don't let money cloud your judgement.
If you chance upon some money today, it will work out best to be honest and try to return it to its rightful owner.
Take care today as dealing with other people's money brings heavy responsibilities. Be careful and others will trust you.
If you have spare cash today, don't blow it all, but don't be afraid to splash out just a little on something nice for your home.
Take time to separate money for paying bills from spare cash today or your finances risk getting into a terrible tangle.
Good fortune shines on you today and money may come your way. Share the wealth with those close to you.
Keep using the same method of making money and it may have diminishing returns. Think of a fresh angle.
Money you owe may weigh on your mind today. It's time to focus on paying it back and freeing yourself from the burden.
Knuckle down and hit the books today. Try to learn what those financial terms mean - it's bound to prove useful.
If you've been working hard, don't hesitate to treat yourself today. You deserve a little pampering. 
A day to think carefully of risk versus return. If you've got no guarantee, don't gamble with your hard-earned money.
An event looks likely to occur today that will make you reflect on how you spend money. Don't be afraid of change.
Don't be tempted to tell lies about your finances today. Even if it's just a small amount, it could land you in big trouble.
If your spending has been spiralling out of control, get yourself back in line before someone else is forced to stop you.
You look likely to receive something of real value from someone close to you. Treat it with great care. 
Avoid a spending spree today, as it could get out of hand. Think carefully before parting with your money. 
Even if you have a little spare cash, it's better to save it for a rainy day than be extravagant today. 
A moment of anger could leave you facing a steep bill. Try to keep your emotions under control today. 
You'll have a good nose for a bargain today, and will be able to spot when something's not worth the price.
If you're running short of money, today might be the time to share your worries with a trusted friend. 
Recent events have proved costly, making today the perfect time to tighten your belt and cut out needless expenditure.
You may need to bail out a friend in need today. Just be careful that you don't end up short of money yourself.
You may need to rely on the kindness of others today. Show gratitude and make it clear that you'll repay the favour.
A smooth-talking salesman could talk you into purchasing something you don't need today, so be on your guard.
A moving story could make you feel compelled to reach into your wallet, but be sure to think carefully before giving money.
You may feel down today, but retail therapy is not the answer. If you buy in haste, you'll repent at leisure. 
You're getting close to saving up the money you needed. Don't let any needless expenditure derail your plans today.
If you can spare it, it's a good day to think about donating some money to a good cause or charity. 
A careless mistake could cost you. Make sure you double check everything you do today. 
You're tempted by a top-of-the-range item today. Just remember that high quality comes at a high price. 
If you have trouble saving money, note down your incomings and outgoings to get a firmer grip on your finances.
If you're too tight-fisted, it could end up costing you more. It can pay to spend a little extra sometimes. 
You look likely to reap the rewards of plans you've hatched. If you've played your cards right, it could be a profitable day.
If you've done your homework and know where to put your money, now's the time to invest. Strike while the iron's hot.
Be one step ahead of the game and do your homework. Doing a little bit of research could pay major dividends.
If you've got good tips on how to save money, share them with your friends. They may teach you something in turn.
Wheels are set in motion today and you may need to do some serious thinking about what to do with your money.
A day to be on guard against scams or dubious deals. You could lose out if you're not careful. 
You may be plagued by doubts about your saving plans today. Don't be deterred and keep going until you reach your goal.
A person you trust may come to you with an enticing offer today. Hear them out - it could be worth pursuing.
You may find something you're  considering throwing out today is actually worth more than you thought. Don't be hasty!
Communicate your goals clearly to those around you. You'll find this helps you achieve them and get the rewards you deserve.
Don't expect to find easy money today. You'll have to roll up your sleeves and earn it the hard way. 
Good luck today could leave you with a little cash to splash. Go ahead and enjoy yourself. Live for the day!
If stress has been building up, don't be afraid to pamper yourself today. You've certainly earned a break. 
A run of bad luck may leave you with your confidence knocked. Pick yourself up and your luck's bound to change.
You may feel you're making a loss today, but it might be a necessary step. In the long run, you'll reap the rewards.
A weight looks like it will be lifted off your shoulders today. If you have a loan, it's the time to start repaying it.
If you've been carefree with your money lately, it may come back to bite you today. Try to rein your spending in.
Worries about money are on your mind today. Be patient and you'll start to see light at the end of the tunnel.
You may be tempted to stop saving and live in the moment. Consider your options carefully and you'll find it pays to be prudent.
Don't try too hard today. Taking a more relaxed approach could end up working out in your  favour financially.
If some money comes your way out of the blue, perhaps you should donate it to charity rather than holding on to it.
Even if you've had some luck lately, don't boast about it to others. It may well end up rubbing people the wrong way.
You may think of a slightly unusual way to make some money today which is liable to raise some eyebrows.
Keep your ear to the ground today and you could pick up  some intriguing and potentially profitable news.
Something will catch your eye today that you just have to own. It's better to wait until another day before buying it.
Sample the goods before making a purchase today and you'll be able to make a more informed choice. 
Even if there have been bumps in the road lately, your financial fortunes look like they could be recovering today.
It's a good day to share your financial woes with those you trust most. They'll be sure to give you sound advice.
Today you may find yourself reaching for money you'd put away for a rainy day. Use it only if there really is no alternative.
You'll find that other people's possessions catch your eye today. You may want to know the price, but be subtle!
Your finances could suffer a severe blow. If you have to shell out a lot today, you may be forced to be more frugal.
If decisions need to be made about serious sums of money today, ask around. You'll need all the advice you can get.
Before making any financial decisions today, consult with an expert. You can't be too careful when it comes to your money.
Before making plans or projects, check you have the funds available to get the ball rolling. 
A slick salesman could get you to part with your cash today if you're not on the ball. Don't get taken in! 
A hobby or interest could become a serious drain on your resources today if you don't watch your spending.
You're feeling nostalgic today and you'll feel sorely tempted to buy things that remind you of the good old days.
If you spot a mistake related to money, point it out without delay or it could land you in hot water later.
A social life can be expensive. You may find today that you prefer to spend a slightly cheaper time alone. 
You could find yourself low on resources today, but those around you will be sure to help you through the hard times.
Dramatic events could be afoot. Whether it turns out well or badly for you remains balanced on a knife edge.
Gaining high returns entails high risks. Bear that firmly in mind today and you'll know what to do. 
Introducing two people you know today could lead to an unforeseen and potentially profitable business opportunity.
A day to spend money on good causes rather than just yourself. This will help you to grow as a person.
Don't ruthlessly pursue your own interests today. This is a time to give something back to the people around you.
Surprising events could make serious demands on your money today. Try to handle it yourself rather than leaning on others.
Good deeds done in the past look likely to be repaid today. Expect to reap the rewards for past kindness. 
Doubts about what is owed to whom could create tensions today. Do what you can to clear up any uncertainty. 
If you've got financial worries weighing you down, you should share them with someone you can really trust.
You'll have a tendency to make careless mistakes today, so be sure to check everything you do twice. 
If you're thinking of saving money, decide first what your goal is. It will focus your mind and make things easier.
If an acquaintance is messing you around concerning money, it may be time to seriously reconsider your relationship with them.
An item will catch your eye today that you desperately want to purchase. But do you really need it? 
Sort through your possessions today. You may find something you no longer use that is of real value. 
Alarming news today looks like it could cost you dearly, but look closer and there may be a chance to turn a profit.
Be sure to prioritise before making any purchases today. Make a list of what you need most and stick to it. 
You're likely to prove yourself a safe pair of hands with money today and earn people's trust. 
To get your financial affairs in order, you'll have forms to fill in. Give them your full attention, no matter how dull they are.
A sudden windfall could see you painting the town red. Don't feel guilty - you should let your hair down sometimes.
It may entail a major effort today to get the money you require together. Think how much you really need it. 
You're liable to make careless mistakes that could end up costing you today. Go over everything with a fine-tooth comb.
Set yourself long-term goals for your saving. If you only think short-term, you'll end up making a loss. 
Mistakes you've made with money in the past will cross your mind today. Try your best to learn from them. 
Sometimes the best way to move things forward isn't to be too pushy. Be prudent and see how things turn out.
You may have to think seriously about your financial position today. Don't panic or do anything rash - you'll get through this.
You may get a lucky break today and hear some information that could turn out to be highly valuable. 
If you've been living beyond your means, it's now time to take control of your spending and stabilise your finances.
If close friends or family are making unwise decisions, today is the day to step in and advise them to be more sensible.
Money you never thought you'd see again looks set to return to you today. Enjoy your good fortune. 
You may have a sudden inspiration today for a seemingly sure-fire way to boost your income, but think it through before taking any action.
Before reaching for your wallet today, ask yourself whether each expenditure is absolutely necessary. 
A blunder you made with your finances may come back to haunt you today. Try to learn from your mistakes.
If you want to make your money work for you, you'll need to do some serious research. Put in the hours today.
Temptations abound today, but before you purchase anything, ask yourself whether it's just a passing fad.
There could be a chance to boost your income today, but only if you move fast. Stay on the ball! 
Misplacing money or making an unwise purchase may cast a shadow over your financial situation today. 
If you've been too flash with your cash, try to impose some limitations. You can't carry on like this forever. 
Think long and hard before spending your hard-earned cash today. You're likely to regret impulse purchases later.
Be sure to have some money in reserve today, as an unexpected event could turn out to be expensive.
You may be waiting impatiently for someone who owes you money to pay you back, but avoid being too pushy today.
Going out with wealthier friends and trying to keep their pace is a sure way to get yourself into the red. Take care today.
Start putting money aside today and save up for a treat for yourself, such as a nice holiday. 
It looks like a lucky day is on the cards. You may find money you invest could have generous rewards. 
Making a little profit today could whet your appetite for more money-making, but take care not to take things too far.
Don't count your chickens before they hatch today. Avoid making purchases until you're sure you have the funds.
A day to try to give something back. Consider volunteer work or donating to a charity. 
If you've been doing a lot more spending than saving, now's the time to turn over a new leaf and put some money aside.
There's no better way to spend money today than on boosting your own skills. Think about taking a course.
A day to put the needs of others before your own. But be sure you can afford to spare the money first. 
You're sorely tempted to make an impulse buy today, but run the idea by a few friends before parting with your cash.
You may be criticised today for spending too much on a hobby or interest, but don't forget that it's your money!
You may stumble upon a shop filled with great bargains today. Be sure to share the information with your friends.
Plan a break from the daily grind today and look at ideas for getting away from it all for a while. 
A dispute about money threatens to engulf you today. Do everything you can to stay out of it. 
Give something you've never tried before a go today, even if it proves a little costly. The personal benefits could be well worth it!
Money troubles are looming on the horizon today. Move fast and you'll sort them out, but do nothing and you'll regret it.
It's time to stand on your own two feet financially. Make plans today to save enough to achieve  independence.
Don't be averse to spending a little extra today if it will make your life easier. Sometimes it's worth paying a little more.
Someone with financial troubles looks set to seek your advice today. Do all you can to help them. 
If you've been spending a lot lately, the first step to change is identifying the root cause of your extravagance and trying to control it.
If the world of finance is a mystery to you, it's time to start learning more about it. It could cost you if you don't.
If someone you know is in dire financial straits, pull out all the stops to try to get them back on their feet.
Make a list of all your expenditures. It's a sure-fire way to cut down on needless spending. 
If you've only been spending money on yourself recently, it's a day to share the wealth and treat those closest to you.
A day to start focusing on getting fit. It may entail some financial outlay, but you'll reap the rewards in the end.
Keep your ear to the ground and you may pick up a tip to boost your income. It's best to keep it to yourself, though.
A day to take a long, hard look at family expenditure and find ways to try to cut it down and save money. 
Opportunity may come knocking today, but proceed with caution. Don't risk more than you can afford to lose.
A day to show off your financial wisdom. Share it with others and you'll be bound to earn their gratitude.
You may get a little money to play with today. Think about how to invest it in order to maximise your returns.
A day to be patient. Money moves at its own pace, and your investments will work out over the long-term.
Spend some money today boosting your own knowledge and skills. It will pay off in the long run. 
If you've managed to build up some savings, it's time to seriously think about what you want to do with them.
Fortune will seem to favour you today in all your financial endeavours. Be sure to drive a hard bargain.
An item you wish to purchase may seem to be just out of reach today. Be realistic about whether you can afford it.
Resist the urge to buy anything on impulse today. If you wait for a while, you'll be sure to find a much better deal.
A day to club together to finally make that major purchase. It will bring you all closer together. 
You'll have a sixth sense when it comes to sniffing out bargains today. Trust your instincts and you're sure to save.
You could end up in a tussle concerning money. It may be best to take a step back before you really lose out.
If you're making a purchase today, don't just buy the first one you see. Be sure to get a model that is going to last.
If you're trying to sell items today, be aware that their value could be on the slide. Timing is everything. 
If you ignore others' advice today, you could end up paying a heavy price. Avoid making hasty decisions. 
When it comes to style or personal appearance, it's best not to go for the cheapest options. Push the boat out today.
Something a friend mentions in passing could prove valuable. Today could well bring a chance to make a tidy profit.
It's a good day to take the plunge and make that major purchase. Just be sure you've done your homework!
If tried and tested methods don't seem to bring returns, it may be the time to try a new approach today. 
Don't buy something just because everyone else has one. Stay strong and don't give in to pressure. 
A good money-making opportunity looks likely to come into view today. Be positive and go for it! 
Your finances seem to be on a steady footing, but now's the time to plan in case things go wrong. Save for a rainy day.
All seems to be going according to plan. The main challenge today is not to get greedy or you could risk everything.
Today could prove expensive, so you may need some money in reserve. Good planning and organisation are key.
A solution for your financial woes comes into view today. Grab the chance to get back on the straight and narrow.
If you spot a possible error on a bill, ask about it there and then. It could prove too late if you aren't quick. 
If others have helped you earn money, be sure to divide the profits fairly or else you risk losing their trust.
With a bit of effort, you'll be able to make your money stretch today and ease your financial burden. 
Your efforts look likely to pay off today. You can breathe a sigh of relief and treat yourself - you've earned it!
If you owe money, it may weigh on your mind today. If you can spare the cash, try to pay it back as soon as possible.
The item you'd set your sights on may be sold out today, but be patient and a superior model will come along soon.
You'll feel like there are constant demands on your finances today. Try to grin and bear it and things will return to normal.
You'll learn that those around you have very different attitudes to money than you do. You could pick up useful tips.
An unexpected person may reach out their hand today and help you out of a financial hole. Show how grateful you are.
Your finances may receive a boost today but remember that boasting about it could cause tension. Keep it to yourself.
Today's challenge is to keep your spending in check. Getting your finances in order works better than any get-rich-quick scheme.
A surprising item could catch your eye today. Be sure you have the spare cash or you'll kick yourself later.
Be prepared to spend a little more today for the sake of leading a healthy lifestyle. You'll feel better for it.
Don't hesitate to spend money on study today. The long-term benefits of self-improvement will be clear. 
If you're purchasing an item you'll use every day, it's best to pay a little extra for quality and reliability. 
If you're buying practical items today, take the time to find the right balance between price and functionality.
Today, you may feel an overwhelming urge to buy an item that's of no practical use, but if it cheers you up, it's worth it!
There's no substitute for discussing purchases you're considering with others. You'll pick up some great tips and advice.
You could end today with a much lighter wallet than you started it with. Be prepared for an expensive day.
If you need to borrow money today, ensure it's from someone you trust and that it's an amount you can  comfortably repay.
You're not the only one who's queuing up to buy that particular item. Be prepared to wait - and even to be disappointed.
Be prepared to put others before yourself today. They'll be sure to repay the favour next time. 
Dealing with money can mean a lot of dull forms to fill in. Don't be tempted to cut corners or you may make mistakes.
You may be puzzled today by bills for items you don't remember purchasing. Be firm and you'll uncover the truth.
If you've lent money to someone,  it's time to give them a gentle reminder or they may be liable to forget.
If you really want to get your hands on that item, you may have to overcome determined rivals. Stay focused!
Ensure that any money owed is distributed fairly or you could end up dealing with some serious resentment.
Why not take a course and learn more about financial matters? You'll gain the confidence to manage your money.
Set yourself a specific goal to work towards, such as taking a course or gaining a qualification, and begin saving today.
If someone you know has tasted success, try to learn from them as the first step to making something of yourself.
Think of ways to use your money to help you grow as a person. It will prove well worth the outlay. 
You may have to make a decision today involving large sums of money. Do your research  first and don't be hasty.
There are many ways to economise. Set yourself the task of coming up with new ideas to save money today. 
If you're purchasing clothes today, spend a little extra on a higher-quality item. It will work out as better value than going for a cheap one.
Browsing catalogues or internet shopping sites could cause serious temptation. Don't lose control of your spending.
It's best to know what goes on in the world of finance, so why not buy a beginner's guide today? 
If you're too tight-fisted, you'll end up making your life needlessly uncomfortable, so loosen those purse strings!
A great chance to boost your finances looks set to come your way today. Be ready to seize the opportunity.
You may be on the receiving end of unfounded accusations concerning money today. Stand firm and you'll clear your name.
You may find yourself forced to spend more than you feel comfortable with today. Be sure it doesn't become a regular event.
Rather than buying something new, see if you can reuse an item you own. It's a great way to make serious savings!
You may have to get your skates on today to make a deadline. Don't panic or you could make a careless error.
Decisions made today could have implications for your future financial security. Proceed with caution. 
You'll feel your finances are back on stable ground today. Relax and enjoy a carefree day. 
Money could come your way unexpectedly today. Be sure to enjoy it while it lasts. 
If you're unsure about a purchase, check its quality thoroughly. Read the guarantee before parting with your cash.
You may be responsible for a large sum of money today. Be extra cautious and show that you can be trusted.