Give your ideas more structure by setting them down on paper. Clarifying your goals will give you a real sense of achievement.
Put your heart and soul into your current task and you may uncover a whole new side of yourself. 
You may find yourself easily swayed by emotions today. Don't let personal preferences influence your choice of partner at work.
You may have to go back to the drawing board today. Try to see it in a positive light as an opportunity for a fresh start.
A perfect day for coming up with a plan. You look set to have more good ideas than you know how to use.
Even when things are explained to you, you'll have trouble grasping them. Don't panic! It's just one of those days...
You seem to be pulled both ways by rival groups of colleagues today. Stand firm and try your best to take a neutral position.
Don't waste time fretting about your current task. Once you start, you'll find it's not nearly as tough as you'd feared.
A day to take stock of your strengths and weaknesses. Are you working in the most effective way you can?
If you're banging your head against a brick wall, don't be afraid to ask your boss for their advice. They're sure to help.
It looks like you could be set a formidable task today. Don't shy away from it - give it your all! 
The pressure at work looks likely to ease somewhat today. You'll be in good form and whatever you do will be a breeze.
Frustrations at work could build today, but do your best not to be distracted from the task in hand. 
You're feeling energetic and capable of making tough decisions. It's an ideal day to start work on a major task.
Don't be shy about showing off your full potential today. It will earn the admiration and respect of your colleagues.
Just as you're done with one task, you'll get more work on your plate. Flexibility is the watchword today. 
Monotonous tasks look likely to get you down today. Pick a good moment to take a break and clear your head.
Make sure you communicate clearly with colleagues today or you could end up in hot water. 
Leave your colleagues in no doubt about your commitment to your work. You could be entrusted with a rewarding project.
If you have meetings today, listen carefully to what others say. They will be more likely to respect your opinion in turn.
You may lock horns with colleagues about the best way to proceed. Be firm and don't back down. 
Your workplace is plagued with indecision and lack of direction today. If you see a chance to be decisive, be sure to take it.
A task you'd normally turn your nose up at may come your way, but don't complain. Try to complete it as efficiently as possible.
You may feel tempted to coast with your current task, but you'll regret it when the time comes to have your work judged by others.
Work is not going smoothly and the pressure is building. This is the time to stand tall and give it your all. 
You may taste success today, but be careful not to take all the credit. Your colleagues deserve praise too. 
If things don't seem to be moving forward, cast your mind back to past successes and try to learn from them.
An unforeseen event could jeopardise your current task. This is a day for patience and fortitude.
Take some time today to study the way your colleagues work. You may find yourself inspired by their performance.
It's not a day to rest on your laurels. Give your job 100% and those around you will be sure to notice. 
Your communication skills will really come to the fore today. Be clear and concise so no one will be in any doubt about your intentions.
A project you're working on looks set to enter a critical phase. Proceed with the utmost caution. 
Intriguing developments are afoot today, and you could find a huge opportunity is waiting just around the corner. Don't let it escape!
Aim high today and show your abilities to the full. You're likely to find that things go without a hitch. 
If things aren't going as planned, have a rethink and modify your approach. Change is something to be embraced.
Talk to your colleagues today to ensure they all have the same targets in mind and aren't working at cross-purposes.
Don't hesitate to put others' interests before your own at work today. It will earn you the trust and respect of your colleagues.
You'll realise you still have a lot to learn from your more experienced colleagues. Don't think you know it all.
Give credit where credit is due. Win your colleagues over by acknowledging their contributions. 
Have you become set in your ways? A small tweak in the way you work could result in improved efficiency. 
If a less experienced colleague is struggling with a task today, go out of your way to assist them. 
If you have an important presentation, be sure to put in the hours preparing. The effort will surely pay off.
Work will progress smoothly today. If you have spare time, see if you can lend your colleagues a hand. 
It's a good idea today to study the way your colleagues work. You may well pick up ways to improve your work performance.
Focus on trying to solve problems on your own today. You'll gain confidence by working things out for yourself.
Today is a good day to dust off a neglected plan or project and give it another shot. Your persistence looks likely to pay off.
Opinions are starkly divided at work today. State your case reasonably without getting overly emotional. 
If you can't seem to organise your ideas, don't be shy about asking your colleagues. Discussion could yield valuable tips.
Make sure you have a Plan B ready today, in case your initial ideas are shot down. Always be prepared! 
You seem to have trouble focusing today and risk making mistakes if you're not careful. 
You may have doubts about things you've taken for granted. Stick to your guns and don't let the pressure get to you.
Bear in mind today that you don't know it all. Be open to advice from more experienced colleagues. 
You may feel underappreciated today, but don't worry. Your efforts will not go unnoticed or unrewarded. 
It looks like you could be winning a lot of praise today. Enjoy your moment in the spotlight, but don't let it go to your head!
Don't be afraid to ask for others' help today. If you're too stubborn, you could dig yourself into a hole. 
Spend today planning for upcoming work. Don't cut corners or you may run into difficulties later on. 
Everything seems to fall into place today. You'll feel your skills and experience have served you well. 
A plan or project of yours may face rejection today. You should fight your corner and refuse to give it up as a lost cause.
A golden opportunity to show off your professional skills could be on the cards today. 
If you have a speech or presentation coming up, don't procrastinate any longer. The ideas will flow today. 
If work hasn't been going smoothly recently, today is the ideal chance to start turning things around. 
Take a long hard look at your performance at work. If there's room for improvement, start making changes today!
You seem to gel better than usual with your colleagues today. Work should be plain sailing. 
Work calms down a little today, giving you some time to prepare for an upcoming task. Stay focused! 
A difference of opinion will give you the chance to state your views. Be forthright, but don't dismiss others' opinions.
Today's a perfect time to solve niggling problems and get things back on the right track. 
Attention to detail will be required today. If a new plan is being discussed, analyse it from every conceivable angle.
Tensions look likely to flare up at your workplace today. Discuss things calmly and don't lose perspective. 
You'll find yourself responsible for motivating others today. Set clear goals and people will respond positively.
You may find yourself made responsible for a slip-up today. Don't complain and do what you have to do to fix the situation.
Rely on the tried and tested ways of doing things at work today rather than gambling on new methods. 
Don't be afraid to stick up for what you think is right today. Stand firm and bring others round to your way of thinking.
A day to focus on learning new skills and developing new abilities. They'll be sure to prove useful. 
There are changes afoot at your workplace. Old faces may be on the way out and new ones about to appear.
A day for cooperation. Share your ideas with colleagues and you'll come up with fresh new angles. 
A day of frustrations and thwarted plans. Relax and focus first on the immediate things you can achieve. 
A day when everyone will pull together in order to get the job done, each using their own unique skills and knowledge.
A day where discretion will be required. Important issues decided today should be kept on a need-to-know basis.
If you have questions about your work, spend time tracking down the right person to talk to. 
Hog all the work for yourself today and you could end up creating a bottleneck. Share your work with others for improved efficiency.
Take care to keep a level head and to not lose your cool today, even when strongly opposing another opinion.
If tedious tasks are getting you down today, stay motivated by setting yourself achievable goals and remaining positive!
The preparation phase is over and it's time for the real thing. Take a deep breath and then give it your all!
There can be no reward unless you're prepared to take risks. Don't shy away from responsibility today. 
You may have to get firm with colleagues who aren't pulling their weight today. It's all for the greater good.
It may be time for a tactical retreat. Take a step back and prepare for a new assault from a different angle. 
You'll hear news today that sounds unimportant at first but could have major repercussions for your work. 
Don't let your past mistakes dog you. It's time to draw a line under them and make a fresh start. 
Not every idea has to be brand new. Don’t be afraid of making use of a well-established idea today. 
Today you'll discover those around you have unexpected talents which could prove invaluable. 
You'll be put on the spot today and have to play it by ear. Succeed and you'll impress those around you. 
Proceed with caution today. Only make decisions after thinking things through from every possible angle. 
You may need courage today as you are asked to plunge into a field that is completely new to you. 
There's trouble in store today. You may even have to shoulder the blame for someone else's slip-up. 
You're feeling focused and efficient today. Make the most of it and tackle those tricky tasks that have piled up.
You may have a tendency to correct others' work today. Don't overdo it or the people around you won't thank you for it.
Today could prove a busy day when you'll be tempted to run away from it all. Stay focused and deal with each task methodically.
It's a good day for original thinking. You may come up with a novel plan that impresses everyone around you. 
Don't be afraid of taking the initiative today and knocking heads together to get things done. Your colleagues will be grateful for it.
A day to take stock of how your work is going. If you come up with a bright idea, don't be shy of letting your colleagues know.
You're prone to talking big today. Be careful not to exaggerate your own achievements or you could fall flat on your face.
Don't forget to praise those working alongside you today. Show your appreciation and they'll be bound to respond well.
Today will call for courage. State clearly what you believe to be right and wrong - it's no time for sitting on the fence.
Things have been hectic recently, but they will calm down today. Plans and projects will start to gather momentum.
You'll be able to show off results you can be proud of today. Your efforts have paid off and are sure to be noticed.
A rational, level-headed approach will work best today. Analyse problems logically and you'll find the solutions to be close at hand.
The work you do today could have a significant impact on your future career prospects. Give it everything you've got.
Opinions may differ today, but you'll find yourself able to build bridges between differing viewpoints. 
There are a wide range of views on offer today, but you'll be able to pull them together and discern the best way to proceed.
It's a day to look over what you've achieved with a sense of satisfaction and pride. Your efforts have paid off. 
It's a good day to give a presentation or chair a meeting. Your communication skills and powers of persuasion are at their best.  
You may have to wait a little longer to see the results you've worked for. Keep your head down today and you'll be rewarded.
Your work may be criticised today, but don't take it personally. Take it on board and focus on improving your performance.
If you feel discussions have been going round in circles, today looks likely to be the day when you finally reach a conclusion.
More work could head your way today, but your hands are already full. Don't be afraid to turn it down if it's really too much.
You may feel overwhelmed by work today. Take a break, breathe deeply and you'll feel refreshed and ready for anything.
A small slip-up may create confusion in the workplace. Be especially careful not to send things to the wrong person.
You'll need to team up with people you don't normally work with to get the job done today. Make sure you're all on the same page.
A good day to seek others' opinions. You're sure to pick up new ideas and be able to see the problem in a different way.
Pay close attention to others' explanations today or you may find yourself at a loss as to the best way to proceed.
Your attention may wander today and you'll find yourself making careless mistakes. Take a deep breath, focus and you'll be fine.
A tricky task could be on the cards today. Take it as proof that you're seen as reliable and approach it in a positive frame of mind.
You're full of bright ideas on how to shake things up today, but subtle improvements are preferable to a complete overhaul.
A disagreement at the office means your leadership skills may be called on today. Save valuable time by being clear and decisive.
Don't be afraid to stand firm today and try to bring others round to your point of view. Stick with what you believe is right.
If a discussion is going round in circles with no consensus in sight, it may be time to go back to the drawing board.
Some fine-tuning of your working methods could boost efficiency and make the path forward look a good deal clearer.
Some deft decision-making may be required today. Think fast or all of your hard work up to now could come to nothing.
Don't be afraid to admit if there's something you don't know today. Take the time to ask questions or do some research.
A great day to sweep away the cobwebs. If you're still using old, inefficient methods, isn't it about time you made a fresh start?
Work seems like a breeze today. It's the perfect time to finally get around to doing those tasks you keep putting off.
Your dealings with people outside your workplace today could come in handy later in the office. 
Significant portions of today look like they'll be spent problem-solving. Study previous cases for the right way to go about it.
Be careful of people making promises they can't keep. Try to get things in writing if you possibly can, even if you trust the person.
It's a good day for a change of scene. If you have the chance to get away from the workplace for a while, take it.
It's an ideal day for a clear-out. Aim to get rid of all those things that have piled up which you don't need anymore.
Don't try to fly solo today. Join forces with your colleagues and you're bound to get the job done much more efficiently.
Your leadership skills will be put to the test today. If there are problems in the workplace, get to the bottom of what's causing them.
You'll get to display your creative side today. Trust your own instincts and don't shy away from original thinking.
Be up-front and honest in all your dealings today and you'll win the trust of those who work with you. 
Take care not to lose a grip of your self-control today. Thoughtless behaviour could land you in hot water.
A minor crisis at the workplace could put you to the test. Team up with your co-workers and you'll weather the storm.
Opportunity is knocking today and you'd be wise to let it in. Don't be afraid to wade into an unfamiliar field - you'll be glad you did.
A day to be decisive. Keep a level head, don't be swayed by emotions and have faith in your own judgement.
Tough challenges lie in store today, but don't shy away from tackling them. Your self-confidence will receive a boost.
You'll uncover talents you didn't know you had today. If you're put on the spot, your ingenuity will shine through.
Today could see the first signs that a promotion is on the cards. Start to think carefully about where your career is heading.
Be careful not to take everything at face value today. Is what you're being told the whole truth? 
Some friction between you and a colleague looks likely today. Don't be afraid to refuse unreasonable demands.
A good day to take the initiative and set out the direction of a project. Those around you will be impressed by your vision.
If you spot a problem, do your best to nip it in the bud. If you delay, it may be too late. 
Don't be afraid to make your voice heard today. If there's something you feel strongly about, make it known.
If you find yourself struggling with a thankless task today, bear in mind that there is satisfaction in being the unsung hero.
You may face tough decisions about which task to assign to whom. Bear each person's strengths and weaknesses in mind.
A casual conversation could trigger a moment of inspiration, showing you a new angle from which to approach your current task.
Repetitive tasks may bring you down today, but make time to chat to your colleagues and you'll feel refreshed. 
Take care not to force your ideas on your colleagues. If you're too pushy, you could end up feeling isolated. 
If you have a rival at work, plan how to gain the upper hand today. Just take care not to make it too obvious what you're up to.
You may come into contact with exciting new technology today. Think about how it could benefit your work.
If you only think of things from one angle, you may not get the answer you're looking for. Try thinking outside the box.
You may be troubled by blunders you've made in the past today. Try to put them out of your mind and focus on the here and now.
If you're concerned about information leaking to the wrong person, spend time today thinking about how to keep things discreet.
Your planning skills will be put to the test today. Ensure you're fully prepared to face all foreseeable problems.
If you're searching for the key to resolving a problem, don't focus solely on the surface issues. Look a little deeper.
Be honest about whether or not you're fulfilling your role to the best of your abilities. If not, think about how you can improve.
Work is plain sailing today and you'll find dealing with even seemingly difficult tasks to be a breeze. Enjoy it while it lasts!
Work is getting on top of you today, but don't let your frustrations show. You could risk irritating those around you.
Aim to communicate as clearly as possible today. Sometimes there's no substitute for taking the time to talk to people.
You may lock horns with a rival today. Stand your ground - the real battle could be yet to come. 
Requests for assistance with tasks you don't normally deal with may keep you busy today. Try to finish your own work early if you can.
Someone offering much-needed assistance could appear today. Allow them to take a little weight off your shoulders.
Praise for your performance at work today will exceed all your expectations, but don't get a big head!
A perfect day for decision making. It's time to take the bull by the horns and decide one way or the other.
If you have troubles at work, share them with your colleagues. You may gain all sorts of helpful advice. 
You may catch a glimpse of the finish line today and want to relax, but be sure to stay fully focused on your task until the very end.
You're on course to meet all your targets, which makes today a good time to take stock and set yourself new goals.
Trouble could be heading your way today. Keep a cool head and you'll be able to turn things to your advantage.
You look set to achieve a long-held personal goal today. Be sure to give yourself a pat on the back for all your hard work.
If someone is falling behind in their work, don't be backwards about offering your assistance. They're sure to be grateful.
If you've been a little too laid-back about your work recently, you may end up regretting it today. It's time to get serious again.
Harsh reality can't be avoided today. You look set to face some tough decisions about what your true priorities are.
Take on any new tasks that come your way today. You'll never develop professionally if you shy away from challenges.
A day of discoveries. You will uncover new aspects of your work and may find ways to boost your performance.
A day to focus on finding the information you need. Use it to plan ahead and you'll be ready for anything.
A tough situation at work could make you grateful for encouraging words from your colleagues today. 
If you have a bright idea today, make sure you write it down. Otherwise, you may have difficulty recalling it when you need it.
A moment of carelessness could have serious consequences. Don't take your eye off the ball today. 
You feel as if you're just going with the flow at the moment, but don't be too hasty in changing directions. Think carefully first.
Work you did in the past may open up the door to a new opportunity today. Don't hesitate to grab it! 
You may have to face a challenging task today. Stick at it and you'll find a solution just when you've given up hope.
An attempt to show leadership skills today might have limited results. Think carefully about the situation before acting.
Mistakes of the past could be repeated today if you let your guard down. Be careful if you feel your concentration slipping...
Today has all the makings of a good day. Your work should progress in leaps and bounds. 
A busy period may have just about come to an end. You've earned a little breathing space, so take it easy today.
You may find yourself embroiled in trouble at work. Don't allow yourself to get flustered and you'll see a way through.
A rival may look to have gained the upper hand today. Tell yourself that every dog has its day and you'll be fine.
A task you've been working on may be handed over to someone else today. Make sure it's all in order before they take over.
A task you thought you'd seen the back of may return today. Cast your mind back to recall how you dealt with it the first time.
Don't try to hide your mistakes today. Being honest and taking responsibility is a much better strategy in the long run.
Today is a good day to reflect on how best to boost your work performance using the skills and knowledge you've gained recently.
Work won't proceed smoothly if you're too tense and stressed. Relax and you'll find yourself achieving what you're aiming for.
Don't be afraid to lend a hand to your colleagues today. If you scratch their back, they're bound to scratch yours in turn.
Share the skills and knowledge you've learned with those around you. They will be grateful for your contribution.
Original thinking is required today. However, if your ideas are too revolutionary, it could alienate those working with you.
You will receive news today with an impact on the success or failure of your current work. Make sure you take it on board fully.
You'll be torn between emotions and reason today. Make up your mind which one to follow and then don't allow yourself to be swayed.
Casting your mind back to the past, you may spot problems in the present. Take time to pause and consider your options.
You'll pick up a useful tip today on how to improve your working practices. Put it into practice to see your efficiency boosted.
The key to solving a tricky problem lies in your powers of reasoning. Study people's intentions carefully. 
You're thinking clearly today, so it's a great day to write that report or do any other task you've been putting off.
Your eye will be caught by your colleagues' performances at work today. It's a good chance to reflect on how you could improve.
You could risk losing the trust of those around you today. If you make a mistake, admit to it without trying to hide it.
Teamwork will prove vital today. You will recall the satisfaction of everyone pulling together to work towards a common goal.
A minor slip-up today could see your confidence shaken. Recall all of your skills and achievements and you'll get over it.
Get back to basics today and check that your current task is built on solid ground. If you find any weak points, try to bolster them.
Everything seems to be working in your favour today. Aim high and you'll leave your rivals in the shade.  
You're prone to losing yourself in your work today. Don't overdo it or you'll be oblivious to what's going on around you.
You may have to rethink aspects of your current task today, but don't worry - you could finally crack that tricky problem.
Technology may conspire against you today. Be sure to check all of your equipment is working properly before using it.
Your colleagues may need your assistance today. Help them out and remember that they would do the same for you.
Something will come to light today that changes your basic assumptions. Think carefully about how to respond.
Ideas are starting to take shape today and will soon have to be put into action. Make sure you're fully prepared.
Embrace new tasks today without fear of making mistakes. Giving something a try can often be the best way to learn.
A good time to join forces with rivals. You may find it mutually beneficial to work together. 
You may receive high praise today, but avoid boasting. You are doing valuable work, so achievement should be its own reward.
Put your doubts to one side and toe the line at work today. Follow the directions you've been given and it will work out for the best.
Make sure you take care of the finishing touches yourself. You will enjoy a greater feeling of satisfaction in a job well done.
If someone helps you out today, be sure to show your gratitude. It will no doubt be your turn to help them out next time.
Things don't seem to be going as planned today. Learn from more experienced colleagues to pick up invaluable advice.
A task you've been working on in secret will become more widely-known today. Do some fine-tuning to ensure it's ready.
You may well find yourself making careless mistakes today. Fatigue may be to blame, so make sure you get some rest.
A chance to utilise your unique skills and specialist knowledge today could put some distance between you and your rivals.
Conflicting signals could push you to the limits of your patience today. Breathe deeply and try to be tolerant and understanding.
A day to show you have what it takes to be a leader. Put your skills into action to earn the respect of those you work with.
A flash of inspiration outside of work could prove to be the key to solving a problem you are currently struggling with.
A lot of potentially useful information will come your way today. Spend time analysing it to see if it will aid you in your work.
A day to be clear about your priorities. Tackle the most important task first or else you could end up overwhelmed.
Make sure you're in the driver's seat in your current project. If you require assistance, be sure to request it ahead of time.
Relations with a client or colleague may become fraught. If you are frank and fair, you should be able to smooth things over.
It's never a bad idea to utilise some humour in the workplace, but be careful not to go too far or you won't be taken seriously.
You're full of vim and vigour today. If you've been lacking energy over the last few days, now is the chance to make up for it.
A task that had been proving troublesome suddenly starts to go smoothly. Make sure you keep up the momentum.
A good day to make long-term plans. You're thinking clearly today, so note down the aims you are trying to achieve.
Don't be afraid of trial and error today. Only by giving things a shot will you find out if they work or not. 
A careless comment today could land you in hot water. Sometimes it pays to keep your mouth shut. 
Maintain your integrity today at all costs. Even if you're struggling with a rival, conduct yourself with dignity. 
A fantastic plan looks likely to be proposed today. It could well be the answer you've been looking for. 
A day to establish that you have your own way of getting things done. Be confident and set out your position clearly.
Go out of your way to lend a helping hand to anyone around you who seems to be struggling with their workload today.
A colleague you've helped out in the past will offer to return the favour today. It's a good idea to take them up on it.
A foolproof plan to resolve a tricky problem looks likely to come to you out of the blue today. 
A day to take stock and reflect on how your current task is proceeding. Don't be afraid to experiment with other methods.
If you're at a loss as to how to proceed, recall similar tasks you've worked on in the past. You may pick up valuable hints.
Just when you think you're out of the woods, more trouble arrives. Be stoic and you'll be able to deal with all eventualities.
If something's weighing on your mind, make sure you look into it fully. You could uncover a serious mistake.
You could find a major task entrusted to you today. Embrace the opportunity and who knows where it could lead?
What initially looks like a failure today may, upon closer inspection, have the seeds of success buried within it.
You have a lot on your hands today and may feel overwhelmed. Focus on the essentials and solve each problem methodically.
Flexibility is the watchword today. Even if the situation seems to change by the second, modify your approach accordingly.
Spend today preparing for upcoming tasks. Make arrangements so that everything will be ready when you require it.
If a discussion is going round in circles, consider things from other perspectives to see where the other person is coming from.
A task you're not used to is wearing you down. Put your head down and get through today, and you'll be over the worst.
The opportunity you've been waiting for may be closer than you think. All it takes is a little courage. 
There's no shortage of work in store for you today, but you're in fine form and will be able to deal with anything with minimum fuss.  
You'll be expected to start bringing the task you're working on to a conclusion. Set clear goals and start to wind things up.
Those around you will look to you to take the lead today. You'll need results that are worthy of others' high opinions of you.
Work seems to present no problems today. It's a good chance to make long-term plans and set out clear targets to achieve.
A tough job you thought you'd never finish finally comes to an end. All the setbacks you've overcome make it all the more satisfying.
A day to think about self-improvement. Learning new skills is the surest path to professional success.
A level head and mature attitude will be essential today. If others make mistakes, don't lose your temper but offer calm advice.
Once you've made up your mind today about how to tackle a task, don't let yourself be diverted or swayed by other arguments.
You may encounter opposition to a decision you make today. Show your sincerity and you'll bring others round to your view.
You may be caught off-guard today, allowing a rival a chance to take advantage. Don't let yourself be beaten to the punch.
Don't be vague or ambiguous when giving instructions today. You have a responsibility to ensure everyone understands your aims.
Tackling something new inevitably brings challenges. Try to discern who the ideal person to assist you is.
You could find yourself caught up in an unfamiliar situation today. Don't panic and you'll see the best way to deal with it.
You know you need to make a decision, but you just can't seem to do it. The only solution is to trust your instincts.
There's cause for optimism today as business looks set to improve. Significant expansion could be on the cards.
It's a good idea today to write down your goals and how you will tackle your current task. It's sure to boost your efficiency.
Technology is liable to let you down at the wrong moment. Spend time today checking that everything is properly maintained.
You'll find yourself drowning in work today. Don't hesitate to ask others to lend you a helping hand. 
Take the time to explain your approach to your colleagues. By discussing your work, you will gain a clearer vision of your goals.
You will need to be flexible and responsive to the needs of others today. Try seeing things from other people's perspectives.
A good day for your team to discuss their work performance. Look at all aspects of your work, not just efficiency.
You may be forced to carry the can for someone else's slip-up today. Try your best to be philosophical about it.
Throw yourself into your work today and your energy and positive attitude are bound to inspire those around you.
If there are loose ends to tie up, this is an ideal day to deal with them. Don't put off until tomorrow what you can do today.
A task you've put a lot of effort into may be sidelined today. Focus on using what you've learned in your next task.
A perfect day for new beginnings. Whatever you might be starting today, aim high and give it your all. 
Words of encouragement from someone you respect will put a spring in your step today. 
Try to be governed by a spirit of fair play today. Things won't all go your own way so remember the importance of give and take.
A perfect day for a reality check. Are your current plans or projects unrealistic? Take a good hard look and decide.
You may well find yourself reaping the rewards for your efforts today. Praise will be forthcoming from all sorts of sources.
You could see a chance to climb the ladder today. It may entail more responsibility, but job satisfaction will increase too.
You're feeling inspired today and the good ideas keep coming. Try applying them to your finances - it might help you save up more.
All seems to be proceeding smoothly today, but don't drop your guard. There could be pitfalls waiting on the road ahead.
Today could witness significant developments and new opportunities. The future is looking bright. 
You could find yourself wrestling with a particularly tricky challenge today. Don't be afraid to ask for assistance.
A good day to study the relevant materials and data relating to your present task. Forewarned is forearmed.
A day when your negotiation skills will be called upon. You may have to strike a bargain to get the results you're after. 
A task you work on today looks like it could turn into a long-term project. Make sure the foundations are solid.
Good fortune is waiting in unexpected places today. People in high places may take favourable note of what you're doing.  
Rude treatment today may put your nose out of joint. The best response is to be unfailingly polite. The moral victory will be yours.
You may find yourself putting the finishing touches to a job you've put a lot of effort into. Allow yourself to relax a little.
You may need to ask for advice today. Before you do, try to make sure you've clarified the precise problems you're facing.
You'll be grateful for the people around you today and will realise that there is nothing more valuable than human relations.
Trying a different working method might be fruitful today. You could learn skills that will come in useful in future.
Professional rivalry could come out in the open today. Remember that there is nothing wrong with a little healthy competition. 
Don't act today without thinking carefully of your goals. Start with small targets you can achieve easily and work from there.
A task that had gone without a hitch up to now may suddenly run into trouble. Hope for the best, but prepare for the worst.
Make sure your grit and determination are on display for all to see. It's sure to give those around you a boost.
This has all the makings of a memorable day. A job entailing heavy responsibility may well be heading your way.
You may be given a subtle hint that your performance at work is not everything it could be. Take it on board and aim to improve.
Tackle problems head on today. If you try to solve them in a roundabout fashion, it could make them even worse.
In any negotiation, the most important thing is to be direct and sincere. It looks like you may finally reach an agreement today.
Your competence is bound to impress those around you today and your reputation as a safe pair of hands will grow.
Simmering tensions between colleagues look like they could be resolved today. Don't let anything distract you from your work.
Avoid waffling and be as clear and concise as possible today, as you'll be much more likely to get results.  
Turn your mind to problem-solving and you're likely to come up with an effective solution. Enjoy basking in the sense of achievement.
A moment's inspiration could spell the difference between success and failure. An off-hand thought could be the answer you've been looking for.
A misunderstanding you thought you'd cleared up may raise its head again. Make sure you explain the problem clearly.
It's a day to put other people's interests before your own. Thinking only of your own advantage may have bad results.
Just as you're congratulating yourself on a job well done, pitfalls may open up in front of you. Beware of complacency today.
A wily operator knows when to take a step back and see how the other side reacts. This is a day to speak less and listen more.
An event with huge repercussions on your work is likely to occur today. Be prepared to react to it and learn from it.
Your specialist skills and knowledge are likely to be put to the test today. This can only be good for your reputation.
If you're handing over a task to a colleague, take the time to ensure they fully understand or it could lead to problems later.
Grasping technological changes looks like it could be a major theme today. Don't be afraid of the new.
It's a day to think creatively. Don't be afraid of going back to the drawing board and planning something from scratch.
Your most important professional assets are the links you have with your colleagues. You'll need them today more than ever.
Exchanging opinions with your colleagues could prove invaluable today. You'll gain new ideas on how to tackle your work.
You'll spot trouble on the horizon today. Act swiftly to minimise the potential damage. 
You'll need to gather all your physical and mental strength to bring your work to a successful conclusion.
There may be new faces at work today. It's a good chance for you to show leadership and take them under your wing.
If a colleague makes a mistake today, give them your support and show them that you are on their side. They won't forget it.
You'll realise the heavy responsibility that a job can entail today. If you need to justify yourself, choose your words with care.  
You may become embroiled in an unpleasant situation today. If you're not at fault, make sure you fight your corner.
You may have to be firm with a colleague today. Make sure they understand the seriousness of the situation.
A rival may be about to arrive on the scene. Make efforts to bolster your own reputation before they get a chance to shine.
Focus your attention on the parts of your organisation that are not pulling their weight. Maybe you'll come up with an effective way to help them.  
A problem that has stumped colleagues needs to be approached from a fresh angle. Get involved and see if you can solve it.
Although it may be tedious, paperwork needs to be put in order today or it could cause delays.
Even as you move forward, don't forget to reflect on the past for inspiration. You may learn some valuable lessons.
A small slip-up today may land you in trouble, but keep your wits about you and you could turn crisis into opportunity.
Your powers of analysis may be put to the test today. Take the chance to identify and cut out inefficient elements in your work.
You're brimming with ideas today, whether it's for new products or new approaches to problems. Make good use of original thinking.
Not a day to sit on the fence. If you have a rival, don't be afraid to show them everything you've got. 
You'll be inspired by the hard work and commitment of those around you today. Learn from their example. 
Be prepared. If an important meeting or event is coming up, spare no efforts in getting ready for it. 
Take the time to help out inexperienced colleagues. Their gratitude is sure to give you a boost.
You're likely to become more certain of where your particular expertise lies. Focus on utilising your skills to the maximum.
Let those around you know what your goals are. By discussing them, they will become more firmly fixed in your own mind.
A well-timed joke could ease the tension today. There are times when being too serious is a disadvantage.
You may be called upon to talk a few people around today. Choose your tactics with care and you're likely to convince them.
A perfect day for a clear-out. Make a firm decision to get rid of all those things you no longer need.
A shake-up may be required today. If something's no longer working, don't be afraid to try something radically different.
A task that had been put on hold will finally come back to you. Think carefully and then decide the best strategy.
You may well find yourself basking in glory today as your hard work pays off with even better results than you had hoped for.
Be careful and methodical today. It's a good idea to analyse recent results to pick up useful hints for the future.
You'll really be put to the test today. Don't fear tricky tasks. By rising to the challenge, you will develop and mature.