The longest journey starts with a single step. Begin with the basics and work from there. 
Take time today to get absorbed in a book. It takes more effort than watching TV, but is much more rewarding.
Guard against complacency today. Overconfidence could end up becoming your worst enemy. 
If you have exams approaching, learn to prioritise. Focus your study on the essentials and cut out the unnecessary.
Before you begin to study, decide on some clear goals. Having something to aim for will make your study more effective.
Whether studying or doing a test, avoid overcomplicating things. Start from the basics and take it from there.
Problems aren't always as easy as they first appear to be. That seemingly simple question may have hidden depths.
You will get the results you deserve given the effort you put in. If you gave it your all, expect a positive outcome.
If you're stuck between two possible answers today, it's best to trust your instincts. They'll point you in the right direction.
You'll find you have a way with words today, whether you're writing or speaking. Make the most of your talents!
Set your goals a little higher than you feel comfortable with today. Stretching yourself is the best way to make progress.
The pressure is on, and you'll be tempted to escape from it all. Do your best to suppress this urge and it will pass.
Your studies seem overwhelming and your motivation is liable to drop. It's best to make a start with the simpler subjects.
Your powers of concentration will be sorely tested as all sorts of distractions appear. Stay focused and you'll win out.
You're feeling sharp today, so concentrate on memorising vocabulary or dates. You'll find you can retain a great deal.
You'll be able to cope with anything today, be it tests, homework or presentations. If only every day was like this...
If there's something you don't understand, do your best to figure it out by yourself. It's a great way to make progress.
Don't overdo the study today. Take regular breaks and you'll come back to the books feeling refreshed.
Your grades may slip a little today, but don't be demotivated. You can make up the lost ground next time. 
Trying to explain something to another person is a great way of checking whether you fully grasp the issue. Give it a go today!
Your powers of recall are in top form today, so cram as much in as you can. You'll be impressed by how much you remember!
You'll really feel you're making progress today. Set your sights on mastering the basics and the rest will come easily.
You're liable to impress your friends with what you've learned today. It may even motivate them to try harder.
Throw yourself into your studies today and it could bring all sorts of unforeseen benefits. 
A day to learn practical skills, rather than to be stuck behind a desk. Take a break from the norm! 
Study your strongest subjects today and you'll be pleased to find that you make startling progress. 
Your mind may go blank today just when you've been put on the spot. Take your time, focus and it will all come back to you.
A tricky question or problem could trip you up today. Ensure that you've got full marks on the easier ones. 
A bit of competition is a good idea when studying. Don't let your friends overtake you today. 
Try to kill two birds with one stone today by studying issues relevant to more than one subject. 
You'll be unsure today of which direction to take your studies. Think about the subjects you get most satisfaction from.
If you have tests or exams, today could be crunch time. Give it everything you've got and all your study will pay off.
Envisage the goal you're aiming for. Picturing it will spur you on to achieve more in your studies. 
You'll have a revelation today about what you should be studying. It could have a major impact on your future.
Is the way you're studying really the best way for you? Consider shaking your study methods up today.
Odd bits of knowledge will come together today and you'll feel you've attained a deeper level of understanding.
It's a good day to focus on less academic pursuits, such as music or art. You'll gain more refined tastes. 
The solution to a problem will appear to you today in a moment of pure inspiration. It's a shame it doesn't happen more often.
You're likely to have more of a head for numbers than you usually do. Maths problems will be a breeze. 
If someone close to you is struggling with their studies, be sure to lend them a helping hand today. 
Don’t be hasty today if you're put to the test. Make sure you know exactly what you're being asked before answering.
It will be important to do some study in advance today or you may be put on the spot and struggle to answer. 
You may well chance upon a more effective way to study today. Put in the time and the results will be obvious.
Don't compare yourself unfavourably to those around you today. Remember that everyone has their own pace.
This is a day when decisions need to be made. Decide what subject interests you most and where you want to study.
If you don't put your head down today and focus on the problem at hand, you're never going to find a solution.
A bit of healthy rivalry could liven up your studies today. Push yourself harder and show others what you've got.
You may realise today that the way you study is not ideal for you. Think of ways to use the time you have more effectively.
Don't be afraid to shake things up and study in a completely new way today. You may find that the change does you good.
You'll find it hard to concentrate today. Try not to get too frustrated - it's just one of those days... 
If study is an uphill struggle today, tell yourself that you're almost through the worst. You'll have time to relax soon.
Tricky problems look likely to knock your confidence today. Keep plugging away and you'll find a solution.
A day of nervous anticipation. If you're awaiting results, remember that they'll reflect the amount of effort you put in.
A day to take stock and check whether or not you've really grasped what you've been studying.  
You're more than capable of studying today, but you just don't feel like it. Don't let your laziness drag you down.
Use your time effectively, and prioritise the subjects you have to study. A little forward planning will go a long way.
The past has a lot to teach us. Why not try learning about ancient cultures today? Putting yourself in new surroundings could help you learn, and may even inspire you!  
To help you get motivated today, why not promise yourself a reward for studying hard? Give yourself something to aim for!
If you're banging your head against a brick wall today, ask for a friend's help. It may well be an eye-opening experience.
Avoid over-confidence today. If you're too sure of your own abilities, you risk making careless mistakes.
It's a good day to focus on subjects you have a deep interest in. Let your natural curiosity inspire you. 
It's not a day to rest on your laurels or be lazy. Show that you're serious about your studies. 
It's a good day to add a little culture to your life. Why not attend a concert or visit a gallery or museum? 
You look likely to embark on a new field of study today. Try to familiarise yourself with the subject ahead of time.
Never be afraid to ask. If you really can't get your head round something today, get someone to explain it to you.
You can almost guarantee that the issues you have most trouble understanding will be in the test. Revise them carefully.
It looks like a day for more advanced study. Just make sure you have a firm grip of the basics beforehand. 
You may receive a tempting invitation from a friend today, but remember to think hard about your priorities before deciding whether to accept.
You'll feel in full control today and nothing can faze you. You'll take surprise tests or tricky questions in your stride.
Let your concentration lapse and you could find your performance declines dramatically. Don't take your eye off the ball!
Don't shy away from tackling seemingly tricky problems today. You may well find they're much easier than you had feared.
Even if you suffer grave doubts, stick with your chosen direction today and it will prove to be the right path.
If you have an upcoming test, don't put off revision. Start by making a study schedule and then stick to it. 
The topics you studied today may well come up in a test, so make sure you revise them! 
Studying alone may prove ineffective today, so why not try hitting the books together with a friend?
If you feel frustrated today, don't let it show or you'll risk irritating the people around you. 
Things will start to fall into place today, and whatever you're working on will move towards its final stages. 
You could well hit upon an effective method of study that really speeds things up. Test it yourself before telling others, though!
It's a good day to think about the past. Understanding the historical background will help you grasp why things came about.
Time is of the essence today. Deal with the easier tasks first and give yourself time to grapple with the harder ones.
Your powers of concentration may be lacking today. Take lots of short breaks and you'll be able to stay focused.
You look likely to reap the rewards for your efforts today. Give yourself a pat on the back - you've earned it! 
You just can't get your brain in gear today, so take a break and you'll come back feeling full of energy. 
You look likely to be plagued with all sorts of interruptions to your studies today. Accept that there are sometimes days like these.
You could end up painfully aware of your weaker areas today. Make a positive decision to do something about them.
Act in haste, repent at leisure. Think carefully before answering today - the correct solution is often not the obvious one.
It's a good day to turn your attention to a subject you're less interested in. You could well have that breakthrough today.
It will be a lot more effective to work in short, sharp bursts today rather than stare at the books for hours on end.
If you don't get the results you had hoped for today, try to accept the set-back. It might be the wake-up call you need.
If you're lacking motivation today, remember to give yourself words of encouragement to spur you on. You can do it!
Don't bang your head against difficult problems today. Start with easy ones until you build up some momentum.
It's a good day to find a quiet place and allow yourself to become lost in thought. A deeper level of understanding awaits you.
If you're feeling flat today, set yourself a target to work towards. It will put the spring back in your step.
The correct answer feels just out of reach today and you may find yourself seriously frustrated. Don't let it beat you!
You're liable to rush today and make careless mistakes. Slow down a gear and maintain your attention to detail. 
If a friend is struggling with their studies, this is a great day to lend a hand. You'll win their gratitude as well as gaining confidence.
If you just can't get the right answer, it pays to do something else for a while. The answer may arrive when you least expect it.
A good day to seek advice from a star student. Find out what their secret is and apply it to your own studies.
You may well get results today that exceed your wildest expectations. It should spur you on in your studies. 
Even if you get good grades today, you can't afford to become complacent. The real struggle is still to come.
You're prone to talking big today. Be careful, or you may end up setting yourself unachievable goals. 
Give your brain a workout today. Logic problems, maths questions and other teasers will get rid of any mental flab.
If there are subjects you dislike that you've been avoiding studying, now is the time to finally face your fears. Be brave!
Encouraging results could be coming your way today. All that hard work might just have paid off. 
You're likely to get results you can take pride in today. Why not give yourself a day off and let your hair down a little?
A good day to put yourself to the test and do some study that requires serious reasoning and detailed investigation.
It's a good time to set yourself a goal to spur you on. You'll be sure to see the difference it makes. 
Make "be prepared" your motto today. Be sure to study in advance and not let anything take you by surprise.
Try to pull together all you've studied up to now. You'll be able to see the areas that still require work.
If you choose subjects that you enjoy, you'll find that you actually enjoy studying today. Try to enjoy it while it lasts!
You could well find yourself enjoying high praise today. It should provide valuable encouragement in your studies.
Your powers of concentration are incredibly sharp today. Even the trickiest problem should be a breeze.
It's a good day to have a discussion with your friends on an interesting topic. You might inspire each other! 
You may find yourself embarking on studies in a new field today. Look to others for support and you'll be off to a flying start.
Test your understanding of a subject by discussing it with a friend. You'll soon see if you've really got a grasp of it.
You'll burn out if you study too hard. Make sure you take regular breaks and forget about the books for a while.
You may be troubled to find that you have studied the wrong section for a test. Chalk it up as a valuable lesson.
If you're struggling with your studies, call on your friends to set you on the right path. 
Even the trickiest problem is solvable if you take your time and break it down into simpler pieces. 
If you've been boasting about your abilities, today is the day to prove that you're not just all talk. 
You're feeling the burden of expectations today. Don't let it get to you or you won't be able to give it your best shot.
For the effort you've put in, you may feel disheartened by the lack of progress. Take a break and you'll feel more positive.
Everyone has their own way of studying. Find out other people's methods, then tailor them to your own needs.
If there's someone whose abilities you admire, speak to them. They may be able to teach you something new.
Today will seem like an uphill struggle. If you get through it, things will start to go much more smoothly.
You may feel as if you have a mind like a sieve today. Make up for it by doing a bit of extra study when you get home.
It's a good day to trust your instincts. If you have a test on the horizon, try to predict what questions will come up.
No matter how much you study, it will prove a wasted effort if you're studying the wrong area. Double-check before you start.
You may have the chance to learn from someone with real specialist knowledge today. Make the most of the opportunity!
If you've been struggling in your studies, today looks like the day when things will pick up and you'll get back on track.
It might be repetitive, but the best way to study today is to go over things until you're sure you've remembered them.
You may find yourself losing sight of why you're studying. Go back to basics and try to recover that initial motivation.
If you have a test coming up, it's a good idea today to look over past papers and see what kind of questions have come up.
Asking is a moment's embarrassment; not asking is a lifetime's shame. If you don't understand something, just ask!
A little healthy rivalry today could be just what you need to raise your game and improve your grades. 
Think carefully today about what you need to study most. If you try to cover everything, you are likely to run out of time.
Try studying with friends today. Everyone will bring their own knowledge and it will prove a fun way to learn.
A moment's inspiration could radically improve the way you study today. Keep an open mind! 
You risk stumbling over problems you normally take in your stride today. Are you sure you haven't been overdoing it?
All of your effort is on the verge of being rewarded. You're on the right path so keep at it! 
Your concentration is liable to slip today, so be on your guard against careless errors. 
If you focus too much on your studies, you risk losing sight of the outside world. Take some time today to reconnect to it.
Don't let anything knock your confidence today. You could face a string of tricky problems, but you can handle it.
No matter how tense you feel, read through any exam or assignment calmly until you're sure you know what to do.
You may feel overwhelmed today and your confidence could take a knock. Get through this and you'll be able to handle anything.
Don’t shy away from unfamiliar territory today. You may uncover talents you never suspected you had.
It's an ideal day to try your hand at studying a new subject. All the signs indicate that you'll get off to a flying start.
You're feeling bright-eyed and bushy-tailed today, and you'll have no problem grasping whatever is asked of you.
You may well be called upon to offer your opinion today. Ensure you've taken all sides of the argument on board.
Whatever you turn your hand to today will be a breeze. If you have a test or assignment, brace yourself for top marks!
A day to come up with a winning strategy for studying. Analyse previous exams and focus on the essentials.
You seem to need a little direction, so this is a perfect day to decide what path you want your studies to follow.
Set clear goals and you'll get a real sense of achievement when you meet them. It pays to have something to work towards.
You could well find yourself learning from previous mistakes today. If you didn't succeed last time, now might be the time!
You're in great form today and nothing can trip you up. Embrace challenges and you'll be sure to come out on top.
Dull, repetitive study may get you down today, but remind yourself that days like this are necessary sometimes.
You have a lot to do and you may be at a loss as to where to start. Take things one at a time - slow and steady wins the race.
An unexpected event could derail your best-laid plans. If you had decided on a detailed study plan, it could end up backfiring.
Don't shy away from new challenges today. It's a perfect day for experimentation and trial and error.
If you're up against a tricky problem today, come at it from a variety of angles. Your usual method may not be the best.
Sudden inspiration today could resolve a problem that has been weighing on your mind. Listen to your instincts.
When you're on the point of giving up today, you may stumble upon the key. Have faith that you'll reach your goal.
Luck seems to be on your side today. If you're expecting test results, they're likely to be even better than you had hoped.
Your thoughts may turn to the past today. Take a look around you and spare some time to reflect on local history.
If your life is lacking in culture at the moment, today is the perfect day to do something about it. 
Patient practice today will pay off in increased speed and confidence. Don't shy away from putting in the hours.
If things don't go your way today, don't take it out on others. Reflect on where your performance could be improved.
If things don't seem to be going into your head, try reading the textbook aloud. You might be surprised by the results!
Choose someone with better grades than you and set your sights on overtaking them. It will serve to spur you on.
Knowledge you'd forgotten you had is likely to come in useful today. You'll be surprised how much you still remember.
Go out of your way to help the people around you. Study is about self-improvement, not being the best.
You may lose sight of the goal of your studies and risk losing motivation. Be patient and the mood will pass.
You're worried about whether you're making the right choice today. It's natural to have doubts, so don't let them defeat you.
Don't pay too much attention to what other people say today. Everyone has their own pace and a style of study that suits them.
If your results fall short of your hopes today, accept that perhaps you didn't work hard enough. There's always next time!
You'll be satisfied to find that you understand something you previously considered impossible. This should encourage you!
You're likely to meet a very accomplished person today who may inspire you to take your studies more seriously.
Your study plan may be in need of some streamlining. Think about the time you've got left and rework it as necessary.
Your powers of reason and logic could well be called into service today. Stay calm and analyse things carefully.
Study a favourite subject today and you could find yourself so absorbed the hours fly by. If only this happened every time...
If you stay focused and stick to essentials today, you'll be able to get the optimum results from the minimum effort.
A day when all your efforts look likely to pay off. If you have a test or assignment, you may well bag your best grade yet.
If you feel overwhelmed today, don't worry. The answer you're looking for may lie closer at hand than you imagine.
A good day for research. If you're wondering what course to pursue, take the time to look into all your options.
The way to crack a tough problem may fall into your lap today. Sometimes things aren't as difficult as they first appear to be.
Take things one step at a time today and don't try to rush. Your patience will be rewarded. 
Don't rest on your laurels or be complacent today. You risk making a careless mistake. 
Sometimes study doesn't seem like a lot of fun, but it has to be done. Remind yourself today that it won't last forever.
There can be many ways to reach the right answer. Are you sure you're not overcomplicating things? 
Sometimes repetition is the only way to get things to stick. Put in the effort and you'll be sure to see the results.
You may have the chance to study something a little out of the ordinary today. You'll regret it if you let this opportunity slip by.
Memories of subjects you studied a long time ago will come back to you today and may help you out of a tight spot.
You'll have a great opportunity to show off what you know today. All that hard work may just have paid off!
Keep your eye on the clock today. Whether it's an impending deadline or a tricky test, bear in mind how long you have left.
Just when you think you've got the answer, it may elude you. Don't be afraid of going right back to the start.
You're feeling dull and fatigued today and may struggle to give 100% to your studies. Don't worry, it will surely pass.
Whatever you've been planning, today is a perfect day to start to put it into action. 
A day to knuckle down and get serious. If you've been lazy recently, now is the time to make up for it. 
An ideal day to go somewhere quiet and study by yourself. Without distractions, you may actually enjoy it.
You may become intrigued today by a subject that had never interested you before. Don't be afraid to follow up on it.
Don't push yourself too hard today. If you're feeling fatigued, allow yourself a break and you'll come back feeling refreshed.
Helping each other out is important when studying. If someone asks for advice today, go out of your way to assist them.
You may have a chance to explain something you've studied to another person. You'll see how well you really know your stuff.
Focus on studying your stronger subjects today. You'll find your confidence boosted and you'll be ready for anything.
Your brain is in top gear today, so trust in your powers of judgement and don't be afraid to tackle tricky problems.
It's a day for concentrated study. Avoid studying lots of different subjects and stay focused on just one or two.
You'll be able to see the bigger picture today and start to understand how the different things you're studying interconnect.
If your grades or results have been slipping, today is a good day to stop the rot and start to turn things round.
You'll need to call on all your knowledge and experience today to face the challenges ahead. Have faith in yourself!
Curious things are afoot today. A chance thought could turn out to be a reliable clue as to what's coming up in a test.
Let your healthy curiosity fuel your study today. Absorbing facts is easy when you have a genuine interest in the subject.
You'll be stricken by doubts about your work today. Wait and see how things turn out - you may well be pleasantly surprised.
Today is a good day to collaborate with those around you. Sometimes fellow students can turn out to be the best teachers.
You'll have a chance to use what you've learned to the full today and solve a difficult problem. 
You'll feel that you've made  progress today and that your grades are settling down and becoming more consistent.
You're in good mental shape today and you'll find you're able to push your limits and study much more than usual.
Don't judge a book by its cover. A problem that looks simple may contain hidden depths and leave you scratching your head.
You may realise that you've got a little rusty today. It's a good chance to take stock and refresh your memory.
Correct any mistakes you spot today immediately. If you leave them until later, they could come back to haunt you.
It's a good idea to work with others today. A bit of mutual support will see you through. 
You could find your mind wandering today and you risk being brought back down to earth with a bump. Stay focused.
Be on your guard against boasting about your grades. You could well end up wishing you'd never opened your mouth.
If your usual approach isn't working for you, don't be afraid to shake things up a bit and try other angles. 
You'll find your communication skills are at their peak today. If you have a presentation or speech, you'll ace it. 
It's a good idea today to treat study as a game or a puzzle to solve. You'll enjoy it and make progress at the same time.
If you're in a muddle today, focus on the easiest approach. There'll be other days to try more difficult angles.
Whatever challenges you face today, aim to solve them yourself. You'll feel a true sense of achievement. 
You may be tempted to leave things half done today, but push yourself and see things through to their conclusion.
You'll become aware of serious gaps in your knowledge today. There's no time like the present to do something about them.
You're prone to feeling negative about your studies today. It's natural to have days like this, so just let it pass.
Your mind just isn't in top gear today. If you're able to, it's a perfect day to take a break from the books.
You're on fire today and will be able to cram several days' worth of study into a single session. 
A good day to experiment with different study techniques. Maybe you'll find the perfect one for you? 
A day when your efforts will be recognised. You could be on the receiving end of some serious praise.
You're going to have to get the old grey matter working overtime today, but take care not to overdo it! 
If you've got a deadline approaching, now is the time to get the ball rolling. You can't put it off forever! 
You may have to call on all your multi-tasking skills today. Always remember to prioritise what you have to do.
Healthy rivalry could spur you on in your studies today. Pull out all the stops and leave the competition in the shade!
If you're having trouble understanding something, don't be afraid to ask. If you don't, it's bound to pop up again.
Try your best to let off some steam today. You can't study all the time!  
Study feels like an uphill struggle today. If you just can't seem to make progress, call it a day and take a break.
You may find yourself easily distracted today. Find a quiet place to work and try to shut out the outside world.
Set yourself some long-term goals today. Think back to targets you had in the past as a useful reference.
You may have trouble putting your thoughts into words today. Focus on a few central keywords and it should help.
Don't neglect the world around you today. Spending some time communing with nature could ease your stress.
Persevere with practice questions today, no matter how dull or repetitive they may seem to be. 
Look at things from a broader perspective today and try to see the world outside the boundaries of your studies.
It's a good idea today to tackle simpler problems and build up your confidence before attacking more difficult ones.
Subjects you normally find to be a breeze could trip you up today. Don't assume you know it all. 
Your efforts will bear tangible results today. Take pride in them but don't let it go to your head. 
Try to organise your thoughts and note down what you've learned. A more systematic approach will pay dividends.
If the results of a test or assignment are not what you'd hoped, don't despair. Take note of where you went wrong.
After a test or assignment, it's important not to forget what you've learned. You'll need that knowledge again in future!
You feel that you're grappling with an impossible task today. Try to see it as a challenge that will help you to develop.
If there's a subject you're worried about, don't ignore it. You may find that it comes up in the next test. 
Your efforts are likely to pay off today and you'll have a chance to shine. Enjoy showing off what you've learned!
If you stumble in your studies today, don't despair. You'll be sure to have a chance to turn things round later. 
Try tackling your weaker subjects today. You can't put all your energy into subjects you enjoy. 
A day to consider radical changes. Think about where you want your studies to take you - are you on the right path?
Aim to get off to a good start in whatever you do today. If you start as you mean to go on, success will be yours.
Your powers of judgement and reasoning are at their peak today. Before tackling questions, analyse precisely what they are asking.
It's a day to spend some quality time with the books. Study alone and you'll be able to concentrate better. 
Luck is on your side today. If you're making decisions about your future studies, be sure to aim high! 
If your results have been flagging recently, this looks likely to be the day when you start to pick up the pace again.
Be prepared. Whether it's for a class or for an exam, you won't succeed unless you've put in the hours beforehand.
You're on form today and your academic performance could inspire envy in all those around you. 
Seize any chance to show your abilities today. An important opportunity with implications for your future could be at hand.
You'll find your commitment sorely tested today, but force yourself to see things through to the very end. 
It's a good day to learn practical skills. Try to actually use the skills you've learned and you're unlikely to forget them.
You run the risk of being distracted by those around you today. Finish everything you have to do before helping others.
Once you've decided on a way to study, stick to it. Even if you're plagued with doubts, stand firm and persevere.
You're weighed down with worries about your future today. Assess your current abilities and work from there. 
If you've been putting off things until later, now's the time to finally face them. Try studying your weaker subjects.
Make a clear plan of your priorities before starting to study. It will help you study much more effectively. 
The big day is approaching and it's time to get in training. Aim to have a healthy body and a healthy mind. 
It all falls into place today and you could find yourself getting the hang of a subject that has given you trouble up to now.
A day to build on your existing knowledge. Without a firm foundation, you'll never get to the top.
Liven things up by setting yourself goals to work towards. You'll find study won't be such a drag with something to aim for.
You're feeling close to your peak today and study will be plain sailing. The trick is to try to maintain this level.
Your powers of deduction are extra sharp today. You'll be able to solve problems that previously had you flummoxed.
A single mistake could have serious repercussions. Be sure to make time to check over your work carefully. 
A day to revel in your own literary prowess. You'll find you have just the right words at your fingertips. 
Whatever you have set your sights on, make a firm decision today to stop at nothing to achieve it. 
Add a little culture to your life today. A trip to the theatre or the opera will take your mind off the stresses of studying.
The pressure is building and you may find yourself struggling to keep the pace. Take some time out and you'll come back refreshed.
Boost your powers of concentration by doing a little light exercise before settling down to the books. 
Healthy rivalry is never a bad idea when studying. Prepare ahead of time and you'll stand head and shoulders above the rest.
It's a good idea to arrange to study with friends today. They can explain things you don't understand and vice versa.
Don't spend all day procrastinating. Knuckle down and hit the books. The longest journey starts with a single step.
If someone is putting their heart and soul into their study, give them words of encouragement. It may inspire you too!
Studying should be a team game. If someone explains something to you, try to return the favour in kind. 
If today feels like an uphill struggle, cut yourself some slack. You can't be on top form every day. 
Try something a little high-brow today, whether a classic novel or a trip to the theatre. You're bound to feel smarter!
It's a day to take stock and go back over what you've studied so far. You may well be impressed by how much you've learned!
Take a break from the books and look at the world around you. Watching the news or reading the paper is also a form of study.
Today you're liable to make careless mistakes in areas you'd normally have no trouble with. Double-check your work extra carefully.
You'll get a glimpse of the bigger picture today and see the connections between the different areas you're studying.
Studying need not be a solitary activity. You are likely to become aware of the importance of mutual support today.
Today is a good day to trust your instincts. You'll find you're able to predict what you need to study with incredible accuracy.
Don't let a healthy rivalry get out of hand today. If it's interfering with your study, it's time to cool things down.
A day to try to get to grips with foreign languages. If there's a language you always wanted to learn, start today!
Fortune seems to favour you today. You'll always seem to have the right answer at your fingertips when you need it.
Don't take anything for granted today. Even problems that seem to be easy might trip you up if you're complacent.
If you've been falling short of your potential lately, today looks to be the day when you start to turn things around.
This is a day to work on your weak points. If there are subjects you don't like, try to put in more effort than usual.
You're feeling more perceptive than usual today, and you'll find your attention to detail is sharper than ever.
There is more than one way to solve a problem. Try to approach things from the less obvious angle today. 
You have a tendency to exaggerate your abilities today, so take care or you may find yourself in a sticky situation.
You could be tripped up today if you try to tackle something without adequate preparation beforehand. 
If your powers of concentration seem to let you down today, study in short, sharp bursts. 
Try to look beyond yourself today and encourage others who are struggling with their studies. They'll be glad you did.
Your powers of logic and reasoning are firing on all cylinders today, so tackle those problems that normally fox you.
Today you may find you're banging your head against a tricky problem. Don't give up and you'll find the way through.
Abandon your preconceptions today and you may well arrive at a solution that has been eluding you. 
You'll feel a real sense of achievement today. Enjoy it - your efforts have paid off at long last!
Your thoughts may turn to a more difficult, specialised field today. There's never been a better time to start.
You may face a mountain of work today, but try your best not to leave it until tomorrow. There's no time like the present!
A great day to turn over a new leaf and make a fresh start. Put the regrets and shortcomings of the past behind you.
You'll spend today wrestling with a problem that has no obvious solution. Focus and you'll see the light at the end of the tunnel.
It's a day to have faith in your own abilities and embrace any challenge that comes your way. Nothing is beyond you!
Your confidence may take a knock and you could feel down today. Admit your weak points and work on overcoming them.
Everything seems to be going in your favour today. A moment of inspiration could shed light on a tricky problem.
Don't show off your knowledge today or you'll risk the ire of those around you. No one likes a know-it-all. 
You may find yourself puzzled today by an unfamiliar problem. Don't let it unnerve you - it's not as hard as it first appears.
You have your own particular way of looking at things and it will serve you well today. Originality is a precious commodity.
Today you'll come into contact with technology's cutting edge. Seize the opportunity to broaden your horizons.
An ideal day for appreciating the arts. A visit to a gallery or museum will open your eyes to new experiences.
A day to put organisation and structure into your studies. These skills will no doubt come in handy in future employment.
Let your natural curiosity lead you to study new subjects today. It's a great chance to broaden your horizons.
The finish line will come into view today. Think about the best way to wrap up what you're doing. 
Speaking to others today will prove a source of valuable information about upcoming exams and assignments. 
Approach things carefully today. If you have an exam or assignment to do, ensure you keep one eye on the clock.
Put all your efforts into studying your favourite subjects today. You can't afford to lose valuable marks in your strong subjects.
Your powers of concentration will be put to the test today. If you try to study, you may suffer constant distractions.
Think of others today and you may find that you have much to contribute to their studies. Cooperation is the key.
Once you learn the basic rule, things will start to fall into place. A day to focus on the fundamentals. 
It's time to take another stab at a subject that has tripped you up in the past. Don't let it defeat you. 
An ideal day to set new goals and targets. It will help you to determine the best method of study. 
Rather than focusing on just one subject, try to go for a well-balanced approach to your studies today. 
Plan ahead and don't leave things until the last moment. The night before isn't the time to get your best work done.
Listening to an expert today may well fire you with determination to study harder. That could be you in the future!
Think about the practical applications your studies have and your levels of motivation will increase. 
It's good to have someone to emulate when you study. Choose someone who's top of the class and learn from them.
You can't learn everything sitting at a desk with your head buried in the books. Go outside and embrace new experiences.
A day to plan for the battle ahead. Whether it's an exam, an assignment or a presentation, get mentally prepared for it.
A great day to learn fresh skills or come into contact with new technology. It could open exciting new doors for you.
Express your feelings and your own opinion today. Be brave and say what you think. You'll be pleased by other people's response.
A day to piece things together mentally and see how different facts connect. You may find this inspires original ideas.
You'll be able to argue your point clearly and coherently today, whether in an essay or debate. 
Study needn't be a chore. If you tackle a subject you enjoy today, you'll find yourself gaining real satisfaction from learning.
A day to reacquaint yourself with your fundamental qualities and focus on where your real strengths lie. 
Decide a structure to govern your study today and you'll find it prevents your mind from wandering. 
A day to take it cool and be level-headed. Organise what you've learnt so far and get yourself ready for the next step.
Rather than relying on others to help you, solve problems yourself today. The sense of achievement will make it all worthwhile.
Deadlines may be closing in, so be sure you know exactly when work is due by. Checking now will avoid headaches later.
You'll clearly see the results of all your hard work today and you'll feel confident that you're on the right path.
Study goes smoothly today and you'll feel well satisfied by your efforts. Maintaining this level is the real challenge.
Outstanding results and unexpected rewards could be coming your way today as all your efforts pay off. 
A day to listen to those around you. You may discover new ways of studying or knowledge you had no idea about.
Take time today to consider why you are studying. Keep your vision of the future in mind to guide and motivate you.